you’re the best.
I’m humbled and grateful.
you knocked me off my feet!
my heart is still smiling.
your thoughtfulness is a gift i will always treasure.
sometimes the simplest things mean the most.
the banana bread was fabulous.
you made my day.
I’m touched beyond words.
all i can say is wow!
except, of course, i’m grateful.
my heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you.
you’re a blessing to me.
thank you for being my angel.
thank you for the bling hanger for my marathon medals.
you know me so well!
bless your big and generous heart!
wow!
thank you so much.
thank you for the generous gift card to rei!
it’s much appreciated.
you’d be surprised at how happy this little tradition of ours always makes me.
thanks so much for making it happen!
thank you for your thoughtful and generous gift.
this has been a challenging time, and i appreciate you so much.
you have no idea how much your help has meant.
for all the little and big ways, you’ve pitched in…thanks!
there was nothing random about your acts of kindness.
thank you for all you have done.
i can never thank you enough.
but this is a start.
you always know how to make life brighter for everyone you know.
i can’t possibly repay you.
you are always so helpful.
you make the world a nicer place.
you went above and beyond, and I am touched and grateful.
you took the common courtesy to an uncommon level.
we’re so grateful for your help.
thank you so much for inviting me to interview for your open account specialist position.
i truly appreciate the time you took to talk with me about this opportunity and the company.
i enjoyed learning more about your workgroup and how i might fit into that team.
please don’t hesitate to contact me with any followup questions you might have.
i hope to talk with you again soon.
thank you for your invaluable mentoring these past three months.
I’ve had fun getting to know you better, and i’ve learned so much from talking with you and seeing how you work.
you are amazing at what you do!
i’m grateful to have had the chance to work with you so closely.
i can’t thank you enough for advising me to send my résumé to your colleague
i now have an interview scheduled with her next week to discuss some freelance work, and i’m excited about the assignment she’s describing.
it was very kind of you to refer me to her.
i hope i can find a way to return the favor soon!
god bless you
god bless you now and always
thanks for all that you do.
you don't hear it often enough.
thanks!
i wish i could clone you.
i can always count on you to get things done.
you consistently exceed my expectations!
the work we do is not easy, and you do with a great attitude and teamwork.
it's a pleasure having employees like you.
i've asked a lot of you lately and you've worked hard to meet my demands.
thanks for being willing to take on extra work when we're busy.
you make me look good with all of your hard work.
thank you for making my job of managing you easy.
i am grateful to have you as part of our team.
i know that i ask a lot of my employees and you consistently deliver results.
thanks for going above and beyond.
i can count on you to exceed my expectations when i give you a task.
it's a pleasure to manage you.
you make my job easy when many employees create extra work for their bosses.
i appreciate that you have the motivation, energy, and creativity to carry out our mission with innovation and dedication.
you deserve a raise.
i hope to one day give you the raise you deserve and you'll be able to stop asking me.
thanks for working so many extra hours.
i don't know what we would've done without the extra help with all the extra seasonal business.
thank you for your dedication and number of years of service.
i didn't have the pleasure of working with you for all of those years, but i can see how your contribution over the years has helped build our business toward what it is now.
you deserve a wonderful retirement.
i wish you the best.congratulations on a job well done.
i've known that you are a producer of amazing work, and it's good to see you get the recognition you deserve.
thanks for being one of the best employees here.
you raise the bar for everyone.i was honored to be asked to present the award to you.
i am happy to see someone so deserving receive it.
thank you for being who you are, an amazing employee who looks for opportunities to go above and beyond in everything. for your generosity, i am grateful.
for the future, i owe you one.
please accept this card as an inadequate representation of my sincere gratitude.
i wish there was a better way to say thanks than writing in a card.
until i figure it out, this is what you get.
what you did was amazing.
your timing, taste, and talent were perfect.
someone needs to invent a new word to express the gratitude that goes beyond the word 'thanks.'
i need that word now. please accept my gratitude.
it's the least i can offer you in return.
what did i ever do to deserve you?
you are amazing!
I'm blaming you for such a great gift.
it's all your fault that i like it so much.
somehow you know exactly what i need at exactly the right time.
i don't know how you do it, but you did it again!
i wish you could see my face now because i have a smile of gratitude thanks to you.
thank you for everything.
there's too much for me to name everything i'm grateful for.
how did you know what even i didn't know that i wanted?
no one deserves a friend like you, but i got you anyway.gratitude is the feeling i have toward you now.
i'm smiling because of you.
'thanks!'
doesn't even begin to express the deep gratitude i have for what you did.
words cannot express the gratitude i am feeling for what you did.
i appreciate your generosity.
thank you for giving me exactly what i wanted.
you are a great gift-giver, and i appreciate the thoughtfulness.
you are one of the most generous people i know, and i am grateful to have you in my life.
thanks.
thank you for your kindness and generosity.
you outdid yourself this time.
thank you for helping me when i needed help.
i love the milk glass vase.
i’ll think of you every time i see it on my table.
thank you for the fun and funky purse.
i don’t know where you find such unique things!
the table runner you sent for my birthday is perfect!
i can tell you spent a lot of time picking it out, and it makes me smile to think about how thoughtful you are.
i was so thrilled when i opened the new hiking boots.
you knew exactly what i wanted.
thank you so much for the new alarm clock.
i’d been needing one, and the one you chose is perfect to use with my phone!
we are so touched by your generous wedding gift.
the place settings will be used and enjoyed often—and we’ll think of you every time.
thank you for adding to the joy of our wedding with your warm wishes and thoughtful gift.
we love the candlesticks and how they look on our hall table.
thank you for the adorable fire engine sleeper and bib for ben.
you put a smile in our hearts.
can’t wait to send you a picture of him wearing it!
from the bottom of my heart, thank you for organizing the group gift of the car seat and stroller for my baby shower.
you shouldn’t have.
but it’s so nice you did!
thank you for the ereader!
i’m already using it and loving it.
i appreciate you thinking of me on my graduation.
i so appreciate your thoughtful graduation gift to me.
the watch is beautiful, and it almost makes me look like a real grownup when i wear it.
you’re the best!
it will be such a big help in getting ready for my big camping trip.
thank you for the birthday 5!
burger and fries, here i come!
i just used the birthday money you sent toward a new power sander.
i’m really excited to start using it.
just wanted to say a big thank you for the coffee shop gift card.
do you know me or what?
i haven’t decided how i’ll use it yet, but i wanted you to know how happy and grateful i am.
you are a blessing in my life.
i thank you for what you give me and do for me constantly.
i also thank god for putting you in my life.
i can't thank you enough for what you did.
you helped at the perfect time in the perfect way.
i am even more thankful that i have a friend like you than what you did for me, and i am very thankful for what you did.
can you read minds?
that's the only explanation i can think of for your perfect gift choosing abilities.
it's easy to see how much hard work you put into your generosity toward others.
i know you don't expect me to thank you, and i didn't expect your generosity.
now we've both done something unexpected.
if there were a few more million people like you in this world, this would be a very pleasant planet full of generous acts of kindness.
you consistently make my life easier.
you are the star of this thank you card because you're the main character.
i get to play the supporting role of gratitude.
i have never experienced kindness and help as you displayed.
it's difficult to believe that anyone could be as nice as you are to someone like me.
i know you'd give me the moon if i asked you for it.
i'll have to start calling you my astronaut.
i bet your blood type is g positive.
that stands for positively generous.
and you have a big heart to pump all of your type g positive blood.
you may never realize how helpful you have been.
i needed help, and you were there at exactly the right time in the right way.
i don't know whether i'll ever be able to return the favor and help you when you need help, but i owe you one when you do.
sometimes you need someone to help you do something unpleasant.
you were there for me when i needed you to help me and you didn't complain too much.
your act of kindness and service shows how big of a heart you have for others.
thanks for being such an amazing person.
there are times when it's difficult to ask for help.
what i appreciate about you is your ability to anticipate what i need and offer before i even think to ask for help.
i don't know what i'm most grateful for.
what you did was pretty awesome.
having you as a friend is just as amazing!
you know who really cares about you by what they're willing to do in time of need.
i will be eternally grateful for your help.
the time and effort you spent helping me was more than i could have asked for.
thanks to you i didn't need to ask.
i don't deserve having a friend like you.
you always know exactly what i need at exactly the right time.
what you do defines who you are.
i am defining you as a big help.
in one simple act, you made a huge difference.
thank you for not passing up the opportunity to help in a big way.
help doesn't come easy these days unless you have friends like you.
i'm lucky to have you.
what you did when you did it proves that you have a heart of gold.
i'm lucky to have someone like you around in my life.
you're a lifesaver!
having a coworker like you to bail me out when i get in over my head is a huge help at work.
i consider you a role model and mentor at work.
your feedback and advice are sometimes difficult to hear but usually accurate and helpful.
thanks for being a good listener even if my problems aren't the type that you can solve.thanks for being the type of coworker who cares about relationships with others more than showing off to the bosses.
you are a genuine friend.
you make work feel less like work than it really is.
thanks for keeping it fun and light.
you make work fun.
thanks for being entertaining and keeping our office a blast.
just don't get into too much trouble.
i don't know what I'd do if you ever stopped working with me.
you can not ever find another job!
it's good to know that when i get overwhelmed with work i have a coworker who can help me.
you make work much more tolerable.
misery loves company i guess.
you are one of the most productive people at work and many times you do things that help me be more productive.you deserve a promotion, and if i ever get one it's because of your help.
the main reason i stay working where we do is that i like some of my coworkers.
you're one of the good ones.
don't ever leave or i won't know what to do.
you'd have to take me with you to your new job.
if i was a boss, i'd hire you in a flash.
you are easily the best employee where we work even though you don't get the credit you deserve.
my job is to have problems and your job is to help me fix them.
we're both doing a good job at our jobs
you and i make a good team.
it's good to have a friend at work with the skills set i don't have.
i tend to get in way over my head with projects and you're always there to help.
you covered for me when i needed it most.
you saved me and i owe you one.
i appreciate having you like someone to go to for help at work.
i can always depend on you to listen and point me in the right direction.
it's good to have someone to trust at work.
i need your insight and honesty.
i can always depend on you being dependable.
work sucks sometimes, but i'm lucky to have you there to make it more tolerable.
i don't know how or when i'd be able to complete my tasks without your help.
i hope to eventually learn how to get along without so much help from you, and i appreciate your help in the meantime.
if you weren't there to help me, i'd be way less successful at work.
i'd be spending way too much time-solving problems that you so willingly take on for me.
a perfect employee is the one who inspires his boss as much as his boss inspires him.
thanks for being my inspiration.
all bosses would be cool and calm if they had efficient employees like you.
thank you.
employees like you are the epitome of professionalism.
thank you for bringing your best to work every single day.
from friendship to mentorship to leadership, you have given this company a warm kinship in every possible form.
how can i forget your committed service as an employee here?
it is something really valuable to us.
i am proud of you for having you as an employee of our team.
the project you carried out was a great success and deserves all our appreciation and support.
i am sending you thank you note for your excellent services.
my appreciation for your job is greater than the words i could express in this note.
i am very fortunate to avail of your services and i am really happy that i had you for carrying out this difficult work.
thank you very much.
i hold you in high regard because you have created high benchmarks for other employees with your high-quality work.
i see how hard you worked for this recent task.
i appreciate all you are doing for the company.
for that, you deserve a break.
interns admire you, your colleagues respect you and your boss trusts you – thank you for being a great role model for everyone around you.
it takes a college degree to get a nice job but it takes a lot of hard work to get appreciation from your employer.
thank you for working hard.
keeping a company alive is a great task.
we owe our success to your able leadership.
many many thanks for your support and dedication to the project.
it was something great.
it has proved your excellence in your work immensely.
my words can never be enough to praise your actions because your work always meets my expectations.
successful companies are run by successful entrepreneurs who hire successful employees.
thank you for being a key part of this chain.
thank you for all your efforts and dedication.
your sincere service needs all our encouragement and appreciation.
thank you for being so committed.
it’s only a matter of time that all your efforts will be duly remitted.
thank you for bringing your positive attitude to work every day.
projects become easier to execute, changes become easier to implement and problems become easier to solve.
thank you for realizing that by taking ownership of every project, you have taken ownership of your success.
thank you for showing all your colleagues that the pursuit of excellence is the best way to climb up the organizational ladder in this company.
thank you for your excellent work and your support.
you have made my life more comfortable and have taken my worries away.
thank you for your hard work and honesty.
we appreciate your style of work.
well done.
thanks for backing up the credentials in your resume with hard work, perseverance, and loyalty to the company.
thanks for being an asset to the company, a trusty subordinate to your boss and a source of inspiration for your colleagues.
thanks for being that employee who assumes leadership when the boss is not around and ensures compliance when he is.
thanks for shouldering responsibility and putting the company’s interests ahead of your own.
thanks for treating the company’s problems as your own.
you have what it takes to be a terrific employee and a future leader.
the walls of our office would be weakened without your presence.
thank you for standing strong.
the world of business survives less on leadership skills and more on the commitment and dedication of passionate employees like you.
thank you for your hard work.
you are our company’s perfect catch and an ideal employee whose performance no one else can match.
you are so irreplaceable to this company that it makes me wonder whether you are my greatest strength or greatest weakness.
you are the employee that every intern dreams of becoming, every colleague thinks of having and every boss wishes he had.
you deserve a raise because the number of sales you make raises the morale of your colleagues.
your biggest achievement in this company has not just been winning all the contracts but also winning your boss’s trust.
thank you and well done.
your enthusiasm is a personality trait that cannot be learned and a skill that cannot be taught.
thank you for being the life of the workplace.
your excellence and brilliance have always made for a stunning performance at work.
thanks for bringing so much permanence to our company.
your job was timely and very helpful.
it deserves all my appreciation.
i am sure your job done here will fetch you more offers.
your professionalism embodies the company philosophy and your hard work is a prime example of how employees can further their careers in our organization.
for all the effort you have shown just to make this company succeed, i am deeply grateful.
for my employees, i thank you for attending Christmas celebrations and making the moment beautiful for me.
i wish you a merry Christmas and hope we celebrate Christmas together again.
I appreciate the excellent performance of yours as a customer service executive.
the organization has not only benefited from your service, you have also set a benchmark in customer service.
i have been reflecting on the things i am most grateful for.
primarily among those is the talented group of employees.
thank you for the work you have done for the organization this year.
you have helped us provide award-winning services to our clients.
i thank all my employees for their effort in making the organization a successful one and bringing it to this position.
i am grateful for your painstaking effort in work.
it is indeed a great effort that you gave more importance to hard work and goodwill of the organization than increment and promotion.
we would always be thankful to you.
it is my pleasure to thank you for exceeding the sales target for three months in a row.
i hope you continue to perform like this.
it is your energy, talent and hard work that have brought benefits for the organization.
we appreciate your excellent performance and would like to thank you.
thank you for everything you do to make this a successful, terrific place to work.
have a wonderful, long weekend filled with good things.
thank you for your dedication and hard work because of which we are today the top company.
thank you, my loyal employees, for your hard work in completing the dotcom project in such a short period.
i am grateful for your teamwork efforts and am fortunate to have such good employees as you all.
the organization feels proud to have a valuable employee like you who has provided excellent service.
through this beautiful text, i send thank you wishes for your service in my organization as you leave and wish you a happy and bright future ahead.
it was a good working association with you.
togetherness is the reason for our bonding.
there is no limit to our togetherness and together we will keep serving the company.
we appreciate your value as an employee of this organization and also would like to praise for the talent you have.
the organization is thankful for your excellent service.
we understand your value as a member of our team.
we value your talent and skills.
we believe that with such a team member, the company will reach the height of success.
you have been an excellent employee and an asset to us.
we are thankful to you.
you never gave importance to increment and promotion.
work always mattered to you.
thank you.
Your work was filled with hindrances like recession, cost-cutting of the company and layoffs.
thank, you that you did not let that deter you from hard work and you continued to serve us.
your contributions matter to this company.
your hard work will surely take the company to the highest level of success.
thank you, for all that you have done.
your excitement and energy-matter to us.
you always come up with new ideas, which help us.
you add enthusiasm to the team.
your contribution inspires us.
your innovative ideas act as a solution to the hindrances faced by the company.
thank you, for giving us the chance to look up to you.
awards like an employee of the month are of no value for employees like you perform well every single day of the year.
i just wanted to let you know that having you on our team makes all the difference.
thanks for all you do.
i know things have been crazy lately, but you are doing a great job.
hang in there, the busy season is almost over.
I’ll bet you didn’t think anyone noticed all that you do.
that’s why i must take this moment to say thanks so much.
i’ve been wondering how to thank you for all your hard work.
in business, it’s important to find people you can count on.
you are one of those reliable employees.
thanks for all your hard work.
it’s been so busy lately, but there is always time to stop and say thanks for your help.
it’s great working with you.
you are one of the reasons for our success.
it’s time to stop and say thanks for your dedication.
it’s your careful attention to detail that makes you so special.
just wanted to write a note to say, thank you for the fantastic job you do every day.
no job is too big or too small for you.
thanks for always jumping in and helping out.
our sincerest thanks for the contribution you have made to our company.
sincerest thanks for all your dedication and hard work.
thank you for being such a dedicated and valuable employee.
thank you for being such an important part of our team.
the new insight you provided was the greatest victory in the effort.
the service you provided exceeded all expectations and guarantees a continuing successful relationship.
we know how busy you have been.
we sincerely appreciate all your hard work and dedication.
we’re better because of you.
whatever the task, you always find a way to get it done.
thanks for all your extra effort.
words just can’t describe how much you are appreciated.
you are always asking how you can help.
that is so nice.
you are very important to us.
thank you for all your hard work.
you did it!
great job.
you’re an incredible employee and i’m incredibly thankful.
your dedication contributes to our success.
your dedication to seeing a project through is second to none.
your desire and willingness fuel our mutual efforts and lead us to success.
your commitment to quality is obvious in everything you do.
your ‘whatever it takes the attitude’ has made all the difference in this effort.
a big thank you, to our staff crew.
a little thanks goes a long way.
a special thanks to a valued employee
the best staff ever!
each exchanged idea and every shared opportunity magnifies the mutual respect we have for one another.
employees like you are one of a kind, our gratitude to you we must remind.
few people have your vision.
thank you for showing others an alternate perspective.
for your hardworking ways, you deserve some praise.
going the extra mile.
hats off to our staff!
not everyone is a creative thinker… but you are.
our employees are the best!
reaching your goal.
teamwork makes the dream work.
thank you for taking the initiative.
thank you for working so hard for us and our clients.
thank you for your countless efforts and relentless determination.
thanks for being awesome.
thanks for coming to bat at the end of the ninth inning!
thanks for making our workplace rock.
the service you provided exceeded all expectations and guarantees a continuing successful relationship.
the vision and desire to initiate it.
to the customer, you are the company.
together everyone achieves more.
two thumbs up!
we appreciate you, thank you for all the work you do.
we can’t say thank you enough.
we recognize and appreciate your dedicated efforts.
we wouldn’t be whole without you.
what a great idea!
you are a shining star.
you are a winner.
you are the difference.
you deserve a pat on the back.
you make a difference.
you make us great.
you took the time — and that has made all the difference.
you top the ranks, you deserve thanks.
you wisely said i think i can.
i think i can.
and, you did!
!
congratulations!
you work amazes and deserves many praises.
you’ve got a winner’s attitude.
of course!
your whatever it takes attitude has made all the difference in this effort.
your boss thinks you’re kind of a big deal.
your dedication and service are appreciated.
your dedication is so meaningful to us!
your pride in your work is obvious… and never taken for granted.
your work amazes and deserves many praises.
your work is great, your work is top rate.
a big thank you, boss, for the guidance you have provided me on the deal project.
i am thankful and appreciate your effort and guidance all the way.
you have been a really helpful and special person.
as a supervisor, you are truly an inspiration to your staff.
your strong leadership skills, along with the support and dedication you show to your team, have earned you much deserved respect and admiration.
i feel lucky to be a member of your staff.
boss, as you bid farewell from the organization, i take this opportunity to thank you for all the guidance, help and support you have provided me.
you have always taken an effort in making my work efficient and i appreciate and gladly thank you for the entire effort boss.
for my boss, i send heartfelt thank you messages through texts for the promotion you offered me.
i am very much grateful to you and happy for the promotion.
for my dearest boss, i send thank you messages through texts for the bonus you offered me on Christmas.
i am very pleased to have the bonus and wish you a happy christmas celebration.
for my dedicated boss, is send thank you wishes for you as you leave the organization.
it was a real pleasure working under you all these years.
for my good boss, i send thank you wishes in your resignation for the support and help you provided me during your work tenure.
it was indeed a pleasure working with you.
i send thank you messages for the recognition of my hard and sincere work effort.
i am very grateful for the recognition and thank you with all my heart.
i send thankful wishes for you, boss, for the earnest support and help you have provided to me during my work tenure in the organization.
i am very thankful to have you as my boss.
it is remarkable what a little faith can do, and it is the faith that you’ve shown in my abilities which have given me the confidence to realize this project.
thank you for trusting me.
i would like to express my gratitude to you for being a role model and an inspiration.
thanks for teaching me so much.
many thanks, boss for your birthday wishes.
your wishes made my day much more special and happy throughout the day.
nothing can do justice to the amount of wisdom and experience that i’ve drawn from you.
you have been a friend, philosopher, and guide.
thanks a bunch my boss for the everyday support and help you have extended throughout my career till today.
i appreciate and thank you for the guidance and support you have given me in this efficient organization.
thanks for imparting skills that have shaped my career and professional life.
your mentoring has meant so much to me.
i can never really thank you enough.
this letter is to express my appreciation for all of the hard work, long hours and late nights you put in to make your business a success, to prevent layoffs and retain your employees.
i’d like you to know that none of this has gone unnoticed by the workers, and we are grateful for your kindness, loyalty, and commitment to all of us.
through this email, i thank you for the promotion reward you have given me.
i am grateful that you have recognized my hard work in the organization and have promoted me to the next level.
i appreciate it and extend my thank you with all respect to you.
through this text, i send thank you wishes for the gifts you sent me on my birthday.
i am very pleased to have received the gifts from you and eagerly await your presence at the birthday celebration in the evening.
working with you was a privilege.
i may have changed jobs, but what’s not changed are the valuable lessons you’ve taught me.
thank you for being the perfect mentor, boss.
your organizational skills, professionalism, and kindness create an office environment that is enjoyable to work in.
thank you so much for extending compassion and flexibility whenever one of us needs a day or two off to care for a sick child at home.
i appreciate having the opportunity to work here.
you’ve stood by me in these taxing times, and i can never thank you enough for it.
all i can say is that you’ve been way more than just a boss, and i’ll forever be grateful to you.
i am thankful for having employees like you who never shirk responsibility even if it means taking the blame when mistakes are made.
if your perseverance and integrity were contagious diseases, everyone at work would be as perfect as you.
thanks for doing a good job.
success can never be achieved unless someone, like you, has the vision and desire to initiate it.
thanks for being an employee who is as hungry for challenges and excellence as much as for recognition and promotions.
your achievement is the direct result of your dedicated effort towards reaching your goal.
your extra effort, dedication, insights, and opinions are all extremely valuable to the successful undertakings of this organization.
your objectivity sets you apart from other leaders and makes you easy to share ideas with.
congratulations and bravo!
this calls for celebrating!
so proud of you!
i knew it was only a matter of time.
well done!
congratulations on your well-deserved success.
heartfelt congratulations to you.
warmest congratulations on your achievement.
congratulations and best wishes for your next adventure!
so pleased to see you accomplishing great things.
it makes me so happy to think about your promotion.
it couldn’t have come to a more deserving person.
feeling so much joy for you today.
what an impressive achievement!
we hope you can feel all the pride and happiness surrounding you as you head off to medical school.
I simply overjoyed to hear your good news.
you’ve worked so hard for this.
congrats!
this is awesome!
you’re awesome!
way to go!
bet you thought no one would notice you’ve hit your goal 30 days in a row.
well, i did, and i’m impressed.
here’s to your streak!
keep it up!
sincere congratulations on your hard-earned success.
you are proof that good things come to those who are willing to sacrifice to reach a worthwhile goal.
words can’t express how proud i am!
you have the creativity and determination to do whatever you can dream.
i hope you feel proud today and confident in your ability to rise to your next challenge.
celebrating the dedication you’ve shown on the way to this achievement.
you’ve earned every bit of the success you’re enjoying.
i’ve got a feeling this is only the beginning of even more great things to come for you!
celebrating the record you just set and looking forward to watching you cross your next finish line!
congratulations on your new place!
can’t wait to see you make it your own.
i’m sure today will be only the first of many proud moments for you at your new firm.
sending you heartfelt congratulations today and wishing you all the best on your next project.
i commend you on this latest success, and i look forward to seeing even more great things from you.
the talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do
it warms my heart to see you succeed like this.
the reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
congratulations on a job very well done!
i have fought the good fight, i have finished the race, i have kept the faith.
here’s to you, fighting the good fight, and coming out a big winner!
this is not a new surprise for us to see your success.
success is all your right from day one when you started achieving.
congratulations on your fabulous victory.
you deserve it every bit.
aim for the stars.
congratulations on your success.
you have made us all proud.
keep up the good work.
everyone wants success, but it only follows those who make a true approach to getting it.
you know the hard work and dedication have a destination which is a success.
best of luck for your future and congratulation on your achievements.
keep going.
first, they ignore you… then they laugh and fight against you… then you win.
i knew you could do it.
congratulations on your brilliant victory.
i know you would attain this success very soon and easily than anyone can achieve it.
congratulations my dear!
if Oscars were given for a job well done, I’d nominate you.
congratulations on your fantastic achievement.
it’s a pleasure to work with someone who knows how to make a friendly and inspiring work environment.
i’m glad that a position opened up for you that is a great next step in your career.
let’s celebrate your success!
expecting a big party on the way!
continue breaking your records!
no matter how big a crowd maybe, a person like you always stands out.
no one has worked as hard as you have in the last years.
now your efforts effort has paid off.
congrats.
proud to be your side while you rock achieving success in all the things you do.
it’s time to hear the success news!
congrats on your success!
success is yours always on the new ventures you take now and then.
we congratulate you on this wonderful moment of success.
the aim of life lies in pushing your limitation always; you have successfully made this thing possible your achievement is the result of your efforts.
give your best in the future and i wish you achieve every success in your life.
a big congratulation to you.
the new success of yours is yet another milestone in your success story.
you are for sure going to attain new heights with lot more successes.
you are destined to make it big, you just didn’t know it.
this recognition is surely deserved and will allow you to spread your wings.
you always fulfill the expectations of the people around you.
we expected your success and here you have made it!
you always go for the impossible thing to make it possible and you take each target as your aim.
you love taking challenges and you deserve this achievement.
i congratulate you on your success.
you always make limitations your goal and every time it brings you success.
you make weakness your strength and can transform loss into profits.
you know the strategy, which is staying focused.
i congratulate you on this achievement and keep going in the future.
you are the true example of a leader and now with this achievement, you add another feather in your crown.
i wish you all the best for your future and congratulate you on this achievement.
may you achieve every success in your life.
you worked hard, you deserve it, you have got it.
please accept my congratulations on this wonderful recognition of your merits.
your dedication, enthusiasm, and insight are inspiring.
i wish you many years of great achievements.
you’ve worked hard to achieve this promotion, but your efforts were completely worth it.
now one of your great desires became real.
wishing you the best of luck in your new capacity.
today is a perfect day to tell you that no one could do a better job than the job you do!
we are delighted to wish a happy birthday to a first-class employee!
happy birthday to a wonderful person and a good worker!
wishing you all the best today and throughout the coming year!
congratulations on your marriage!
best wishes for your future together.
be the wind that keeps your partner's spirit soaring.
a new baby to hold in your arms... congrats on the new arrival in your home!
may your happiness grow year after year
heartfelt congratulations on your upcoming retirement!
thank you for all your good work and support through the years.
wishing you health and happiness.
well done, coworker!
i can't express how much i appreciate your efforts.
it's great to have someone as special as you to work with!
your hard work and effort have paid off!
a success well deserved, an occasion worth celebrating!
awesome!
congratulations on a great job.
i am so very proud of you.
your achievements speak about your capabilities.
slow and steady makes it to the top!
good job!
i always knew you that you have what it takes to be a real winner.
thanks for a great job.
we are grateful and appreciate your willingness for the extra work.
this is a responsible task, but we do not doubt that employees like you will meet the challenge.
give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you!
i want you to know that i appreciate your efforts.
you don't stop when you are tired.
you stop only when you are done.
congratulations on a job well done!
i was always confident of your abilities to shoulder your responsibilities.
you should be very proud of yourself.
thank you for your hard work.
i'm sure it was worth it all.
there is no doubt that you are the most deserving of all the candidates considered for promotion.
we enjoy working with a coworker like you.
thanks for your inspiration and encouragement and wishing that you may encounter more honor in the near future.
we are proud to have an employee like you as part of our team.
heartfelt congratulations and best wishes for your continued success.
this is to remind you that you have come a long way and your contributions have continued to inspire us.
wish you a very happy work anniversary!
hey there!
do you remember that this very day a year ago you can replace it with years we came across a very skilled professional and a very nice person.
cheer up mate because that person is you.
thank you for being part of our organization.
hi mate!
just wanted to thank you for everything you’ve done so far for our organization and the team.
all though it's too less compared to all the efforts you have put throughout the years.
i would like to extend the heartiest wishes on your work anniversary.
hard work, loyalty, and diligence make the best employees.
and i’m glad to have you with all of these qualities.
it’s your work anniversary today and i couldn’t have thought of any better moment than today to appreciate you and wish you good luck for all your future endeavors.
it’s nearly half a decade since you’ve joined us and helped us achieve what seemed impossible with your brilliant expertise.
today is your 5th work anniversary and i wanted to extend our heartiest work anniversary wishes to you.
you have been an essential part of our organization's journey and success.
we are eternally grateful for the dedication and passion you have shown.thank you for being with us.
happy work anniversary!
it feels just like yesterday since you started working with us whereas its already been a year.
i must acknowledge that you have come a long way as a professional in our organization and we appreciate your efforts.
with our best compliments on your first anniversary, we pray for more amazing years of work together.
you have set an exemplary standard for all of us with your work ethics and your dedication.
thank you for everything you have done for us all these years.
wish you a happy work anniversary!
it’s tough to stay put in the same place for a very long time.
however, maybe the word tough wasn’t in your dictionary and you have sailed together with us through all the harsh and good times.
as a part of my work anniversary message for you, i would like to congratulate you on achieving this amazing professional milestone.
and also wish you the best of luck for times to come.
having an employee like you is a matter of utmost pride and gratitude.
your loyalty and hard work have set an example for everyone in our organization.
thank you for being a part of our organization.
words are not enough to thank you for everything that you have done so far for us.
however, i would like to extend my warmest greetings on the occasion of your work anniversary.
kudos to you!
hard work and loyalty is a gift not everyone possesses.
but you got it and we are glad to have someone like you working for us.
keep up your good work and continue to inspire us.
cheers to all your amazing years of work.
it takes only one to make a difference and you have displayed it every day since you have started working with us.
today you achieved another milestone in your professional career.
happy work anniversary.
your loyalty and hard work can’t be remunerated but can be appreciated and motivated.
it’s your work anniversary today and i wanted to appreciate you for all your hard work and the loyalty you have shown towards our organization.
kudos!
everyone requires a person with an abundance of positive vibe and confidence to get things done flawlessly.
thank you for being that person.
warm wishes on your work anniversary!
time flies so fast!
it’s been almost two decades since you have started working.
you have stood together with us during all the ups and downs.
thank you for dedicating your 20 amazing years of work to our organization.
i wish we continue to hold our strong professional and personal bond for another 20 years to come.
your positive attitude towards work inspires everyone here to give their best.
it’s your work anniversary today and we are thankful for having you with us.
happy work anniversary!
every organization should have an employee like you.
you’re special with your own set of skills and your positive attitude towards your work.
and hereby, i would like to extend my warm greetings on your work anniversary today.
your work ethics are commendable and so are you as an inspiring individual.
we are glad to have you amongst us.
kudos to your amazing years of work!
a committed employee and an awesome human being.
that’s what you are and we are glad to have someone like you in our workforce.
we wish you a very happy work anniversary and good luck for all the upcoming amazing years of work.
nothing in this world is more valuable to an employer than an employee who is both loyal and hardworking.
you have never left a moment without mesmerizing me with your confidence and guts to get the work done.
and there couldn’t have been any better time than your work anniversary to express my heartiest gratitude.
filled with a positive vibe, confidence, honesty, and fearlessness we couldn’t have found anyone better than you for our team.
happy third work anniversary!
you have never stopped amazing us with your highest level of perfectionism that you put to your work.
it’s already five years now since the time you started working and we are grateful to you for all your amazing years of work.
wishing you a happy fifth work anniversary.
your fine attention to detail at work over these 8 years has turned you into a precious gem than an ordinary employee for us.
and here i take this moment to congratulate you on your milestone and wish you a happy eight work anniversary!
we can take inspiration from your passion, hard work, and loyalty that you have displayed throughout these years of service.
congratulations on your work anniversary!
finding a coworker like you is a matter of utmost pride.
you continue to inspire me even after so many years since we started working together.
happy work anniversary, mate!
working alongside you has been one of the greatest pleasures of my life.
and i hope you had a comfortable and happy journey during your 25 amazing years of work in our organization.
today as i remember the first day i met you at the workplace, i wanted to wish you a happy 25th work anniversary!
self-motivated, disciplined and focused.
these three words aren't enough to describe an employee like you.
and today it’s your day of celebration for showing your loyalty and perseverance.
i extend my heartiest congratulations to you on setting yet another milestone in the journey of your professional life.
work-life is not a sprint.
it’s a marathon that one needs to keep on running and achieve one milestone after the other.
and believe me, you’re one hell of a runner.
conveying my best work anniversary wishes to you, i hope to see you together with us for many more years to come.
good luck!
can you believe it’s almost been three years since you joined our team?
no wonder how time flies so fast and you continue to inspire us with your ethics and a charming personality.
happy work anniversary buddy and i wish you all the good luck for the times to come.
imagining an efficient team without you seems vague ever since you started working with us.
and today on your work anniversary, i wanted to appreciate and thank you for everything you have done for us.
i have watched you try and fail, learn and grow over these years.
and i’m glad to have found an employee like you.
you and your contribution mean a lot to us.
wishing you all the best and a very happy work anniversary.
congratulations on yet another year for setting an example for everyone on what it means to work hard and demonstrate neverending team spirit.
happy work anniversary, pal!
let me say how privileged i am to have you as my employee.
all these years you have done a commendable job and i value everything you have done for us so far.
my best wishes on your work anniversary.
the one thing which you have earned in this work more than your salary all these years is my respect for your loyalty and dedication.
it’s your 13th work anniversary and i wanted to thank you for everything you did here.
i’m grateful that i found someone like you as one of my employees.
you have stood by our side through thick and thin for more than a decade now.
and today marks the 15th work anniversary of your professional life.
i congratulate you on your achievement and convey my best wishes on your work anniversary.
every workplace needs someone who stands out from the rest and is an inspiration for everyone.
thank you for being that person and we are proud of you and for everything you have done so far.
today you completed two decades at your service as one of our esteemed employees and we are really proud and privileged to have you here.
thank you for choosing to stay with us and once again happy work anniversary.
for all these years you have done a lot for the betterment of our organization and we’ll always be indebted for all your efforts and hardships.
thank you for your 10 years of dedicated service.
you have shown everyone the true meaning of dedication and loyalty by confirming with your association with our organization for 20 years.
today marks the day of this milestone.
cheers to your 2 decades of service.
anything i do or say would not be enough to thank you for everything you have done for this company for 8 years as of today.
but i wanted to take this opportunity to convey my appreciation towards you and wish you a happy 8th work anniversary.
never had i thought that we would come such a long way together in our professional journey?
thank you for supporting and guiding me as a colleague.
today i’m looking back to when i first recruited you.
and since then you have managed to come a long way and thrive.
i am immensely proud of having you in my team and i hope of continuing our association for further times to come.
congrats on your work anniversary!
it takes a person with strong character and will power to stay dedicated and loyal at his or her job even after so many years of service.
and you are that person!
best wishes on your work anniversary.
there are a few men or women like you who can show utmost dedication at their jobs.
and you have been showing the same for the past 7 years.
we congratulate you on completing these many years in our organization and wish you a very happy work anniversary.
nothing in this world compares to a person’s loyalty and dedication towards his or her profession.
my friend, you have set an example for everyone in this regard and we all wish you a very happy work anniversary.
it was a blessing for us to have come across someone of your caliber and loyalty.
on this day, you have achieved yet another milestone by completing 16 years of service.
kudos to all these years of your great work.
it’s already been 11 years since we started working as team members.
here, i would like to express my heartiest gratitude as your colleague and thank you for everything you have done for our team in these past years.
cheers on completing your 11th work anniversary.
in your years of service, you have given our organization much more than efforts and hard work at the job.
you have given everyone here, the lesson of loyalty and staying motivated in the long run.
today is your day to celebrate.
today it’s your 30th work anniversary!
hard-working helps to reach goals faster.
never give up on your dreams!
i wish you all the joy and happiness that life can bring.
happy celebration!
the warmest wishes to a great member of our team.
may your special day be full of good emotions, fun, and cheer!
best wishes on your birthday.
have a nice celebration!
follow your dreams and fulfill your ambitions.
today is a great time to tell that you are doing an amazing job in our company and we appreciate that a lot!
wishing you a special year with the accomplishment of the small and the big goals that you have set!
we feel lucky that you came our way!
happy birthday to our awesome employee and colleague!
thank you for sticking with us, because you are doing truly the great job!
enjoy your birthday!
it’s always great to see the amazing work you have done!
wishing you all the best on your special day!
i’m proud to call you my employee
and i hope that you will be for many more years
i wish you great luck in your career
happy birthday!
we are working together for many years
and i hope we still will be for a long long time, happy birthday!
congratulations on your birthday!
celebrate this day and mark it in the calendar of your life to achieve many more milestones ahead!
i can’t believe it’s your birthday again!
one more year together of sharing ideas and minds.
thanks for everything!
if ever you find yourself feeling down about your job, please say it to me.
i promise to be not only your boss but also your friend and listener.
now, happy birthday!
have fun!
congratulations on your special day!
may this birthday be different from the rest of your birthdays in every good way!
on your birthday take a look at how many more horizons you have to conquer, how many more dreams to live, how many more happy times to witness and how many more milestones to achieve in life.
we are delighted to wish you a happy birthday!
may the next year of your life bring you the courage to soar higher, the confidence to take unprecedented action, the humility to accept your mistakes and the tolerance to understand others!
wishing you a very happy birthday!
let this morning in office be brighter and more interesting than the rest of the week.
it’s your birthday and we have champagne in the refrigerator.
enjoy the taste of the birthday from early hours.
may your special day mark a new age and new ideas and projects.
i don’t say you have to think about it right now, but just keep this in your mind.
you are an amazing employee and i see potential in you.
congratulations on your birthday!
on this important day, i wish you to eat as much cake as you can, because only today you’ll have a little more minutes to sit and relax.
it’s your day, so enjoy all the pleasure that work gives you.
you are a wonderful worker and you deserve a great birthday, my gift to you is a raise and promotion!
happy birthday and take the day off!
being an employee here for so long makes you very valuable!
so today i wanted to say happy birthday to one of the most amazing employees of the company!
i hope you have a great day today and enjoy the day of, you deserve it!
wishing you endless happiness and luck to you!
today is a day of great things, not only because of your birthday.
today you get a promotion!
i know that you’ve been waiting for it for a long time, so here’s my birthday present!
may your career keep developing faster than your birthday comes
i see a great leader in you and keep that in mind.
hope one day it will be true.
happy birthday, dear!
thank you for being part of this company.
you are one of the biggest parts, so don’t worry about your birthday premium.
enjoy this day with us.
i love my work not because i’m an employer, but because i have such wonderful employees like you.
hope this day will be easy and you’ll find time for your birthday cake.
on this perfect day, i wish to get twice as much as you give us.
you are a fantastic employee and our family member.
thanks for being so important!
success is one of your main characteristics and inseparable things.
so, i wish you to be even more successful in the following year and to try something new.
i know, it will work perfectly.
happy birthday, our lucky one!
we are so glad that you are a member of our team, you’ve done for our company a lot more than we could expect.
have a great birthday!
i see not only a silent and good employee in you but also a free, crazy and funny person.
so, this day is yours!
enjoy it.
on your birthday i need to thank you for bringing joy and laughter to the office.
you are like sunshine after a long cold night.
we can’t imagine the office without you.
today is no ordinary day, today is the birthday of a great person and a very valuable employee here!
happy birthday to you!
happy birthday to our favorite employee!
wish you a higher salary and more vacation.
28 days per year is certainly not enough for such a person like you.
congrats and keep going!
you’re a wonderful employee and i can’t imagine any complicated situation without your call and your sweet calm voice.
the biggest thank you for helping us at any time.
today, it’s your free day from everything.
enjoy!
happy birthday to our extraordinary and remarkable employee.
you’re an unsolved puzzle with one missing detail that would tell everything.
be happy today and forever!
stay strong, thoughtful, brave and positive at work!
it’s all you need, not so much.
ha, ha.
wish you a very happy birthday and perfect all the next year.
we need you!
no one can imagine work without you, dear.
you are a perfect employee and colleague.
hope this birthday will bring you less stress and more happiness.
you are worth it.
may this birthday bring you the biggest success both in work and personal life.
you are a really good person, friend, and employee, and we all love and respect you.
it’s nice to know you.
wishing you a wonderful year full of happiness, success, easy work and no stress.
we all know you and how awesome you can be, so may this day be full of your awesomeness and no one could stop you.
happy birthday dear colleague!
a great day of the greatest employee!
congratulations on your birthday, buddy!
hope you are ready for a celebration because we are ready to mention this day, loudly.
It starts at 8 a.m., end at 5 p.m. happy birthday!
no one can do the job better than you, because you are smart, fast and clever.
i’m really happy i have such a wonderful employee in my team.
hope this day will be perfect for you and we’ll see you happy tomorrow.
one more perfect year with you and one more birthday!
you have shown us you have everything that is needed for a good employee.
hope this year will bring you a promotion, a bigger salary and more free time.
it sounds unbelievable?
it’s possible.
wish you this.
may everything you wish may come true this year.
i see a great person and employee in you, so may this year is a year of changes.
hope, you’ll also have a good day and let’s get started.
our work policy has one exclusive point – celebrate employees’ birthdays.
so, this day will be perfect!
no work, only free time with colleagues.
have fun and have a good time.
you are the best!
there is no one like you and never will be.
you are the best of the best employees and i’m really happy i’ve found you.
hope you feel good being a part of us.
enjoy this day and have a perfect time!
you are an inspiration to others.
your dedication to your work is exemplary.
thank you for making a difference in our lives.
that you have been here for 25 years says it all.
your creative vision for this organization has made this a great place to work, and your contribution to this organization has been immense.
thank you for being a guide and mentor.
you are one of a kind; we can't think of anyone who compares to you.
thank you, sir, for nurturing us and helping us grow.
you are truly inspiring to all of us.
have a happy work anniversary!
being associated with you makes us proud.
your contribution and your commitment to our work are unmatched.
without you, this journey would have been impossible.
employees like you are the pride and joy of a company.
we are proud to have you with us.
on the way forward, you deserve all you have achieved and more.
wishing you a happy 15th work anniversary.
your down to earth attitude makes you what you are, a winner.
you inspire and motivate like no other.
thank you for taking us forward.
wishing you a happy work anniversary.
everybody at work is lucky to have a mentor and friend like you.
you showed me the right way to emerge a winner.
we wish you a happy anniversary, sir!
we are grateful for your contribution and dedication to our organization.
today, you complete 20 years with us.
continue to climb new heights with your hard work, zeal, and commitment.
your undying spirit to achieve the impossible is what makes you special.
the seven years you have spent with this company have been inspiring and motivating.
you are a source of inspiration and motivation.
your work ethics are exemplary.
you bring out the best in each one of us.
thank you for being there every time we needed you.
wishing you a happy work anniversary!
in a short period, you have achieved so much.
you’re an example showing that hard work takes you places.
wishing you a happy fourth anniversary at our company.
working alongside you i have learned a lot in my personal life and professional life.
thank you for being the light that shines brightly in other's lives.
wishing you a happy 10th work anniversary.
each day you better yourself, and you polish and refine people around you.
you are a gem that will always shine.
your creativity and vision are impeccable.
have a happy work anniversary.
the energy and vibe you bring along with your positive attitude make us hold our head high with pride.
we are blessed to have you on our team.
you have completed 13 years with our organization, and what a time it’s been.
you have been instrumental in changing lives for the better.
your calming presence brings joy and happiness to employees.
you are one of a kind.
indeed, there will not be another you.
once again, congratulations on your 13th work anniversary.
you’re an easygoing person who understands employees well.
your ability to mold and shape employees to perform better makes you special.
thank you for making us what we are.
wishing you a happy work anniversary, sir.
you have come a long way since you started with us.
we are thankful for your creative ideas that have helped us evolve as an organization.
wishing you a happy work anniversary and hoping you continue your awe-inspiring contribution.
we wouldn’t want to say take it easy because we know you’re such a workaholic.
happy 12 years of slogging.
your never say die attitude and passion inspire us to achieve the impossible.
thank you for pushing us to the limits.
we couldn’t ask for a better boss.
have a happy 15th work anniversary.
i consider myself lucky working alongside you.
your enthusiasm, commitment, and simplicity make you a cut above the rest.
wishing you a happy 8th work anniversary.
i feel privileged sharing office space with you.
your ability to create an excellent work environment for employees makes you truly special.
stay blessed and have a happy work anniversary.
every company should have somebody like you to take them forward.
your all-around capabilities are in every sense awe-inspiring.
have a happy tenth work anniversary.
your dedication and commitment to work amaze us.
continue to amaze and make heads turn, you’re unstoppable.
have a wonderful work anniversary.
i feel honored to work alongside a person who is humble and down to earth.
you bring out the best in the worst.
thank you for teaching me humility.
you have no idea how much you inspire us.
we have emerged into the light because of you.
I wish you a happy 15th anniversary.
your presence in this company has helped employees immensely.
continue to be the leader, friend, and motivator you are.
enjoy your happy 12th work anniversary.
i feel blessed to have a mentor and guide like you.
all i have learned i owe to you.
thank you, sir, for your support and guidance.
have a fantastic 18th work anniversary.
a committed worker and a good human being; that is what you are.
nobody else could take your place.
enjoy your success and have a happy 10th work anniversary.
you are adored, admired, respected and loved—because of your simplicity and your helpful attitude.
we shine because of you.
thank you for being our light.
have a funfilled work anniversary.
only a few at the workplace are loved and respected the way you are.
you go out of your way to help others.
you will go a long way.
happy 4th work anniversary!
youngsters like you give us reason to rejoice.
we are proud of your performance with our organization.
you are a role model in the true sense.
continue to amaze with your work ethics as you celebrate your third work anniversary.
your promotion on the day of your 11th work anniversary is thoroughly deserved.
you raise the bar every time for colleagues in a competitive environment.
wishing you nothing but success in your future endeavors, and again, happy 11.
your achievements in a short time speak volumes of your grit, determination, and character.
continue to challenge yourself and you will shine even brighter.
today you complete two years with our organization.
best wishes on your second work anniversary.
the change that has come about in us is because of your struggle and perseverance.
you shaped us to achieve the impossible.
thank you, sir.
have an awesome work anniversary celebration.
your commitment to your job sets an example for others.
soar far beyond.
success follows you because you are persistent.
continue to grow one step at a time and you will get there.
wish you a happy fifth work anniversary.
bright minds go long distances, and you are a perfect example.
you take work ethics to a new level.
every organization requires a strong team player like you.
you have played a major role in bringing out the best in employees through team building and motivation.
continue to shine.
have a happy seventh work anniversary.
you have used your vast experience to bring out the best in each one of us.
as you celebrate your 23rd work anniversary, it’s time to reflect on your contributions and achievements, the things that make you unique.
thank you, sir, for being ‘you’.
your dedication and passion for your work make you what you are, one in a million.
keep raising the bar with your creativity.
wishing you a great birthday and a memorable year.
from all of us.
hoping your birthday brings you many happy reasons to celebrate!
wishing you the best on your birthday and everything good in the year ahead.
hope your day is filled with happiness.
wishing you a happy birthday and a wonderful year.
our whole team is wishing you the happiest of birthdays.
happy birthday and all the best to you in the year to come!
wishing you a relaxing birthday and happiness in the year to come.
the whole team wishes you the happiest of birthdays and a great year.
may your birthday be the start of a year filled with good luck, good health, and much happiness.
wishing you much happiness on your special day.
have an unforgettable birthday.
wishing you a day full of laughter and happiness and a year that brings you much success.
may all life’s blessings be yours, on your birthday and always.
wishing you a happy birthday, a wonderful year and success in all you do.
it seems such a great day to say we feel so lucky that you came our way!
make it grand!
may your special day be full of happiness, fun, and cheer!
with warm wishes for a very happy birthday and sincere thanks for your hard work throughout the year.
happy birthday to a wonderful person who means so many different things to our company!
we wish you an amazing year that ends with accomplishing all the great goals that you have set!
no one could do a better job than the job you do.
we thank you for sticking with us!
on behalf of the entire company i wish you a very happy birthday and send you my best wishes for much happiness in your life.
it’s a pleasure to work with you and to wish you a happy birthday.
you make work a lot less like work.
thanks for all you do!
thank you for all your hard work during the past year.
wishing you a happy birthday and a great year to come!
we appreciate all of your hard work in the past year.
wishing you a happy and relaxing birthday!
i cannot imagine achieving new goals without you, lads!
you made this company reach new milestones with all your hard work!
big thanks to all of you.
congratulations to you for all the hard works and positive thinking.
you took the meaning of teamwork to a whole new level.
thank you all!
thank you for your good work!
i don’t think it would have been possible to achieve the goal without every one of your efforts!
you guys deserve a treat!
even disappointment can’t be frustrating when it has to be shared with you bunch!
thank you for trying your best and don’t be sad!
next time we are going to ace it!
thank you for always being your best selves and contributing to the work!
the way we pulled off this project, it makes me so happy!
this team is capable of anything, mark my words.
it felt truly delighted in working with you people and getting to know you guys better through this teamwork feels great!
each of you is incredible collaborator!
thank you so much for all your dedication towards the work!
teamwork makes the dream work happen!
looking forward to more great works from the team.
thank you so much for working like your life was at bet!
i couldn’t have asked for better teammates!
you guys made the work feel a lot easier.
thank you for handling the clients on behalf of you!
i knew i wasn’t wrong putting all my trust on you guys!
it feels good to have you guys as my team!
thank you to all my team members.
hank you for coming together as a team and making things possible!
this deal was very important, i couldn’t have cracked it without this teamwork!
congratulations on acing the project!
thank you for taking all the challenges and giving a good outcome of it!
i appreciate your group effort.
you are the best team members, ever!
thank you for being part of the team, without your cooperation and dedication towards the work we couldn’t have pulled the work together!
congratulations on getting the deal done!
it wasn’t possible to crack the deal if every one of you didn’t cooperate and pulled off great teamwork!
thank you for helping us to achieve the deal!
congratulations team!
thanks for setting examples out there how to pull off great teamwork!
heartiest congratulations for the achievement, mates!
now tell me, where are we partying tonight?
your hard work as a team was really fruitful.
congratulations on your success!
the dedication this team has is actually beyond imagination, you guys make a very good team and thanks to all of you we got the deal!
three cheers or the team!
hip hip hurrah!
success is sweet.
but it’s sweeter when it achieved through coordination, cooperation collaboration.
thank you to all of you for delivering such great teamwork.
i had always believed in you guys and you never disappointed me.
thank you again for accomplishing another project.
you are the best team members ever!
dear team, you guys are a rare bunch.
thanks for being an exemplary team!
i feel honored as i get to associate myself with you creative people.
thank you for being an invaluable member of every one of you!
thank you for keeping up with the good work and being the dream team.
what a great work you have pulled out!
thank you so much for making my work easy peasy and achieving the target so comfortably!
kudos to the team.
in spite of facing many obstacles, you guys did it!
your achievements speak about your capabilities!
thank you for all your efforts and sacrifices, team.
thank you for challenging yourselves and acing it every time in such an extraordinary way!
thanks for coming up with good ideas which eventually help us so much!
thank you, team.
a success well deserves, and this a great achievement for you guys as well as for the company.
i want the team to know that i appreciate your efforts.
thank you for making it possible!
a great team is like a parachute that you can use when you are about to hit rock bottom.
thanks for being my parachute.
our competitors had everything it could take to clinch the deal – except a dream team like you guys.
thank you for pulling us through.
when it comes to you guys, the word team is the acronym for terrific enthusiastic ambitious and motivating.
thanks for being the best team ever.
i hope you guys know that our competitors lacked a dream team like yours that’s why they could not get the deal.
thank you for being such assets and congratulations on winning the deal!
your hard work and effort paid it all.
thanks for showing your strong desire to work and the urge to fulfill it with excellence and perfection!
i owe you guys for getting this deal for the company.
thank you for not only your good work but also for all the support you have given each other throughout the project, that’s what makes the team stronger!
thank you for all your effort!
thank you for your hard work and enthusiasm; it helped us to make the project a success.
thank you for giving it your best shot!
shine on the team, well done.
thank you for putting all your focus on the work, you guys!
it was impossible to achieve the goals without everyone’s full effort and willingness!
nicely done and dusted!
teamwork is always more important and needs extra care as success mainly depends on the perseverance of each member.
thanks for completing the project so gracefully, well done.
from the start to the end, you showed great teamwork for this project.
it was a nice time working with you.
i wish to be working with you once again soon.
thank you!
you made me believe once again that hard work and coordination can accomplish anything.
i’m really proud to be part of this team.
this project would never be complete with a bunch of highly talented and inspiring team members like you.
my heartiest thanks to each one of you for your unparallel contributions!
dreaming big becomes an addiction when there is a team of highly motivated members who are there to achieve it.
its always been an honor working with you!
i asked for commitment, you gave me dedication.
i asked for obedience, you gave me authority.
i asked for cooperation, you gave me support.
thanks for everything, team.
you have shown us the meaning of team spirit through your cooperation and gameplay.
thank you for being part of our team.
heartiest congratulations to the team of future projects.
i extend thankful wishes and wish the team the best of luck for the future assignments to come.
your effort is gladly appreciated and rewarded.
the secret in winning as a team is cooperation, coordination and hard work.
since these traits are seen in every member, there is no doubt that our team has reached another great level of success.
congrats to all of you!
you guys have once again proved that a company’s success is a joint effort by a good team and not just a good leader.
thanks, every one of you for your hard work.
we dreamed, we practiced, and we won!
thank you for being your toughness and perseverance that helped us achieve this victory.
in every work season, there are high times and low times.
thank you for sticking with the team in victory and defeat.
you are a true team member.
a team is like a stack of cards that collapses when one becomes weak.
thank you to every member for holding up all this while.
to my team, i appreciate your group effort in delivering the project on time and bringing us laurels.
i am much happy with the teamwork and send gifts to show my appreciation for you all.
interns admire you, your colleagues respect you and your boss trusts you – thank you for being a great role model for everyone around the great team.
there is no other greater source of inspiration and motivation than to walk into work every morning and be greeted by smiles of friendly and supportive team members like you.
thanks for being a team leader who is as hungry for challenges and excellence as much as for recognition and promotions.
keep the top position of your team!
your enthusiasm is a personality trait that cannot be learned and a skill that cannot be taught.
thank you for being the life of the great team.
you are doing a great job contributing your talents and skills to the team.
i’m looking forward to seeing the direction in which you are going to take your upcoming projects.
well done and thanks!
thank you for showing us our potential to be great.
thank you for your effort and for continuously believing in us as a good team.
you are the best team member ever!
working hard together as a team with one vision truly wins in the end.
excellent work guys!
your hard work has truly paid off.
congratulations to each member of the team for the fantastic results.
we are really happy with the huge success.
well done each of you!
the project turned out to be a great success because of your teamwork.
congrats to each member of the team for an excellent performance.
team success mainly depends on the perseverance of each member.
congratulations on a job well done!
we are so proud of all of you.
i don’t know the right words to say thank you, but i do know the right reward for you guys.
brace yourself tight because a big bonus is coming to sweep you away!
even failure can’t be disappointing when it has to be shared with hard-working team members like you.
thanks for giving it your best shot.
if we didn’t work together like a swarm of bees, we would have never achieved success as sweet as honey.
thanks for an excellent job team.
the everyday work life of most other teams is based on rules, procedures, and instructions.
ours is based on trust, cooperation, and support.
thanks for being such a wonderful team.
may we always be like marching ants carrying one grain of sugar at a time – falling again and again but never giving up until we reach the top
good job team, thank you.
the strength of the team is each member.
the strength of each member is the team.
alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
unity is a strength, when there are teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
none of us is as smart as all of us.
the nicest thing about teamwork is that you always have others on your side.
individual commitment to a group effort: that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.
great things in business are never done by one person.
they’re done by a team of people.
if everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
cowards say it can’t be done, critics say it shouldn’t have been done, creator say well done.
when you start in a team, you have to get the teamwork going and then you get something back.
your sincere efforts and hard work are indeed highly appreciated.
you should be proud of yourself.
congratulations to all!
keep up the good work guys!
congratulations to each member of the team for the fantastic results.
well done each of you!
team success mainly depends on the perseverance of each member.
the secret in winning as a team is the cooperation, coordination and hard work.
the strength of the team truly relies on the members.
congratulations for the fantastic performance guys.
the project turned out to be a great success because of your teamwork.
to the members of my team, congratulations because once again you have proven the power of our team.
as your leader, i truly appreciate your group effort in completing the project in time.
congratulations to every member of the team.
we gladly appreciate the teamwork you have shown.
best of luck for future projects.
each member of the team has been so dedicated and passionate in completing the tasks.
congratulations to all of the members, we would like to acknowledge your effort and talent.
congratulations to all the members of your wonderful team!
you deserve the award.
your team just shows the true meaning of coordination, cooperation, and teamwork.
congratulations on the terrific performance of your team.
every member performed wonderfully.
we would like you to know that you are indeed the pride of our company.
we are so proud to have you as part of our work family.
we hope that you keep up the good work for many years to come!
congratulations on achieving this anniversary with us!
we know you have worked hard for this accomplishment and we truly appreciate your dedication.
thank you for being such a valuable member of our team.
wishing you the best for continued success!
congratulations on your service anniversary today!
you have been such a significant part of our team and we couldn't imagine our workplace without you.
we applaud the determination and effort you have demonstrated during your time with us.
we look forward to seeing all of the great things we know you will accomplish in the upcoming years!
happy anniversary!
thank you for all of the contributions you have made in making our company successful.
we are so happy and proud of you for all you've accomplished.
thank you for staying with us through the years.
through the years, your talents and efforts have helped our success.
together, we take pride in your accomplishment and your commitment to excellence.
congratulations on your anniversary!
we are proud to have you on our team and offer our congratulations on this service milestone.
best wishes to you for these many years to come.
i want to express my appreciation for your achievement of this milestone.
loyal and dedicated employees like you are the foundation of any successful company.
thank you for your contribution to our success!
we sincerely appreciate your hard work and efforts year over year.
thank you for your many wonderful years of service!
thank you for all of the motivation and encouragement you've given throughout the years.
may you continue to inspire us for many years to come!
it’s your dedication that contributed to our success.
thank you for inspiring us!
every idea shared and every opportunity seized by you helped us achieve the heights.
kudos to your efforts!
your dedication is imperative for the growth of our company.
thank you for your efforts.
didn’t think anyone noticed you staying back late at the office.
well, you missed me out.
yours sincerely,......
a good employee inspires his or her boss.
an employee’s hard work is the fuel to great company culture.
thanks for adding extra miles to ours.
a perfect employee is not the one who comes early and leaves late.
it is someone who dedicates themselves to their work wholeheartedly.
kudos to your dedication!
your attention to detail at work makes you more special.
you and your work always stood by the expectations and have a meaningful contribution to the success of the company.
we value your presence and are proud of you.
i’ll bet you didn’t think if anyone was watching you while you invested those extra hours.
you were wrong, your extra efforts are always taken into account.
the service you provided exceeded all expectations.
i would also like to add how much you mean to our company.
thank you and keep up with the good work.
your desire and willingness fuel our mutual efforts and guide us to success.
i have been busy lately, but now i want to tell you how much our company values you and your work.
your hard work is admirable and it guarantees a continuing successful relationship between us.
it’s the vision of employees like you who turn desired plans into success.
we value you and your work to the moon and back.
your dedication and hard work have left everyone in utter amazement in the company and here i take this moment to convey my heartiest wishes and best of luck to you.
the efforts you put in to deliver high-quality work for the organization is commendable.
may you continue the same for every single day for the rest of your career.
words will fall short if i are to praise you for everything you have done for the company.
however, this won’t stop me from telling how valuable you have become for us now.
wish you all the success in life!
i must be one hell of a lucky manager to get someone like you working for me and i wish to see your progress in all endeavors.
even though appreciation words are not enough for praising you for your great work.
i would still like to convey my best wishes and assure you my support every time you need it.
your ability to take each task with utmost sincerity has left us all stunned as we try to derive inspiration from you.
believe me, you are the perfect employee that every employer desires to have in their team.
it gives me immense pride saying everyone how great you are as a team member.
your diligence and detailed approach towards work have set a benchmark for the rest of the workforce.
cheers!
did anyone say you that you are one of the best employees our organization has ever seen?
you and your work are really valuable for us and i hope of continuing our professional journey ahead as well.
we as managers are always incomplete without hard-working employees like you.
thanks for your support and hard work that you always put in our work every single day.
you have shown us some commendable skills for which i can only put out the best appreciation words for you.
keep progressing and keep up your great work!
having you in the team is a matter of privilege for us.
every single day you inspire us with your good work.
i just wanted to add that you mean a lot as my colleague.
your work is what inspires me the most.
thank you for being a great addition to our team.
your willingness to deliver high-quality work is admirable.
you mean a lot to our team.
and i would like to take this opportunity to extend my goodwill to you.
an employee of the month is just a little term.
you are the star of our team who shines and inspires us every single day.
your good work is commendable and i’m proud to have you as my colleague.
wishing you all the best.
yours sincerely,.......
it’s hard to imagine our team without you.
to be honest, i’m envious of your talents.
but i’m privileged to have you as my colleague.
thank you for standing with us during all the ups and downs.
we are glad to have you on our team.
just wanted to make myself clear here that you mean a lot to our team.
thank you for all your extra effort.
i must agree that you blow me every day with your dedication and good work.
let me tell you to mate that you are as amazing as your work.
thank you for being a part of our team.
you and your work both are invaluable and both combined guarantees a successful future.
you and your dedication are valuable to our team.
thus, we would like to say you a big thank you for everything you have done so far for us.
an individual who prioritizes the team before self deserves utmost appreciation.
and your mate is one such individual.
thank you for everything!
having a supportive colleague is every employee's desire in the workplace.
thanks for being there for me.
cheers to ourselves!
thank you for always showing us the right way with your attention to detail.
we feel lucky to have someone like you amidst us.
thank you mate for all the extra miles you went ahead to help me and the entire team.
we highly acknowledge your efforts and kindness shown towards us.
bestowing you with appreciation words isn’t enough in front of everything you have done for us so far.
then also, i would like to extend my best regards and assure our meaningful collaboration in the near future as well.
it is colleagues at work who make the day feel less stressful and fill a bit of fun at work.
thank you for being the one!
serving with you has been one of the most pleasurable moments of my life.
saying this i wish you all the success in life.
not everyone comes forward whenever their team needs them but you mate have earned our respect for being there for us every time we needed you.
all the appreciation words would only make up for a pinch of all the great works that you have done so far.
keep up the good work and keep rising!
you have outlived our expectations as a team member and we are proud to have someone like you amidst us.
may you keep progressing and best wishes for the times ahead!
your contribution to the company’s growth may be measured in targets and KPIs but your contribution to the office floor is measured in the positive feedback i receive from your colleagues.
thank you and congratulations on winning the appreciation of your teammates.
your commitment to your job makes us proud!
we value your input and love to have you around to make us realize how important it is to stay committed even when faced with tight deadlines and difficult challenges.
thank you for everything you do.
your dedication to meet deadlines, your commitment to making every hour at work count is deeply appreciated.
we love what you do and we hope you continue to give your best.
commitment is about doing your best and not abandoning ship even in the worst crisis.
you have shown us commendable commitment during this time and we want you to know that we are happy to have you with us.
thank you for the late hours, the weekends, and all the extra time you gave to achieving targets.
we love your commitment, but we also want you to stay happy and healthy.
here’s a coupon for your favorite spa and massage center!
take the stress off those muscles and come back rejuvenated.
your relentless commitment has inspired all of us to do our best regardless of the challenges we face.
you continue to inspire us and gain our admiration with your work and dedication.
positivity is infectious, and you have infected us with your positive attitude.
your reluctance to fail, your desire to persist, all the while keeping a smile on your face defines our company’s culture to remain positive even in the face of adversity.
your positivity helps us believe that goals can be achieved and success can be attained if we really believe in them and work hard to make them come true.
thank you for keeping the faith, boosting morale, and doing your best!
you’ve got a winner’s attitude!
no problem is too complex to solve, no mountain too high to climb.
you clearly show determination to beat the odds and we love it.
you don’t let problems limit you.
we appreciate your relentless efforts and hope you keep the spirit alive with your determination.
your healthy perspective, your objectivity, and your empathy make you a valuable asset to our team, and we appreciate your visionary contributions.
your team loves you and admire your positivity, your patience, and your helpful nature.
thank you for your wonderful team spirit.
your people skills and your excellent communication skills make you an invaluable team member.
we need more people like you!
your ability to coordinate with remote team members and getting them aligned and onboard with tasks is truly commendable.
we are happy to have an efficient team player with us.
we love what you do for the team every day.
motivating them, helping them solve problems and of course, being there for them.
you truly are a valuable team player.
your ability to listen to others’ ideas with concern and an open mind creates an environment of mutual respect where relationships flourish.
your management skills have left us in awe, especially your ability to prioritize and get things done within said deadlines.
project management goes beyond graphs and sheets.
it’s about being able to manage people, tasks, and resources without losing your cool.
no one does it better than you.
the processes you have created has given us a more focused direction.
we have grown stronger thanks to your efforts.
you can take any project from start to finish without compromising on quality, deadlines, and accountability.
we admire your skill.
one of the most important traits is the ability to organize, simplify, and make work doable.
thank you for that brilliant idea to solve a mindboggling problem.
I love your quick thinking!
anyone can be creative, but very few can be artistic, and you are one of them.
your negotiation skills are seriously commendable.
thank you for getting us an amazing deal at the most reasonable budget.
thank you for taking ownership of your work.
this indicates that you take ownership of your success.
thank you for taking the initiative, beating the odds and taking the company to new heights of success.
it’s about time your contribution is duly rewarded.
great job there!
your strategic planning has helped us achieved double the expected ROI this year.
we owe you a tempting bonus!
your ability to nip problems in the bud has helped us build better products and deliver excellent services to our valuable customers.
your contributions have made us way better today than we were years ago.
thank you for being a teammate.
your team admires your efforts and the company values your contribution.
you are our problem-solver.
thank you for your quick responses, your excellent analytical skills and your ability to turn problems into opportunities.
you have never been complacent in your role and have always strived to learn more, experiment more and do more.
we thank you for all the new tools that you’ve equipped us with over the years.
love your contribution.
thank you for your guidance, encouragement, and support.
your contributions to my success at work will forever remain in my heart.
you are the best coworker i have ever met.
your help has made my job easier and more enjoyable.
i appreciate your time and effort.
thank you for caring and supporting me wholeheartedly, though our work together.
the role you have played in my life is immeasurable.
i am grateful for all your help and continued support.
thank you for the favor you did for me.
you are the best; you have made me achieve this much.
you are a great asset; your help has really brought out the potential in me.
thank you for building my career.
thank you for making this place a perfect place to work in.
thank you for your assistance, your help has given me the peace of mind.
i count myself as being lucky, thank you for the effort and support you have shown me.
thank you for being there for me always.
you are the best coworker i have ever worked with!
working with you and being close to you made me appreciate life.
thanks for making me feel better.
thanks for always being on my side.
you are not only my workmate; but my best friend and my mentor.
thank you for everything i have ever learned from you, you are the one who has shaped my career.
i would like to thank you for your kindly support.
you are an amazing coworker, i will never forget all the things you have done for me.
thanks for encouraging me and inspiring me to always get things done.
you are one of the secrets of my many achievements.
you are the best coworker.
i feel so blessed for working in an office where employees care so much for one another.
you are the best.
thank you for always being there for me.
you are not just my colleague at work, but my best friend i have ever had.
i appreciate your time and support.
having a coworker like you is a blessing, thank you for your support at work.
i was really overwhelmed by my work, i don’t know what i would have done if it was not your help.
thank you for your support.
i look at you are a role model and mentor.
you have been so supportive to me.
thank you for your advice and help.
your advice is always very helpful, you are always on point.
thank you for your advice and support.
thank you for being the best colleague i have ever worked with.
i want you to know i really appreciate your support.
you have made this department more productive.
thank you for your guidance and support throughout my internship.
you are simply the best coworker i have ever met.
thank you for shaping my career.
i thought this project would stall, but you have seen it through.
thank you for your dedication and hard work.
you have been a good listener even if you had more on your table.
thank you for your support and hard work.
here’s to let you know how much we are appreciating your support in this project.
you have been a pillar in moving this project forward.
thank you for your hard work!
thank you for your effort and the awesome teamwork!
we have made it to the top because of your collective effort.
i wish everyone was like you, dedicated and hardworking.
thank you for hard work and never letting the team down.
thank you for being there for me when i needed you most.
i know holding two positions at the same time is not an easy task.
to the best team ever, i take this opportunity to thank you for your dedicated hard work.
thank you for all your brilliant contributions in restructuring our department, it was very helpful to have your input.
the improvement we are seeing is all because of your contribution and effort.
thank you so much for making this department shine.
the profits you are seeing are all your suggestions, thank you for making this business profitable.
thank you for turning the tables from a loss-making venture to a profitable venture.
your work is highly appreciated in this company.
the customer base has greatly increased.
thank you for the streamlined processes that you suggested.
with your guidance and support, i am sure the company is on the right path.
we as a company really appreciate your guidance and time you spent leading this company to our future dreams.
it was truly a smooth transition, thank you for your support and guidance.
i have learned a lot when working with you.
i just want you to know, it has been interesting working with you.
you are a wonderful colleague.
it has been an honor working with you.
thank you for your kindness and help.
i wish you the best of luck and success in your new job.
i wish there is a way i could follow you to your new job, you have been a wonderful colleague.
thank you for being my best friend here at work.
it has been a blessing working with you.
you have been an inspiration to our department, thank you for making us stand out.
you're the most amazing coworker.
your help has made my job much easier and more fun.
i'm grateful you're in my life.
you push me to challenge myself in my career.
i wouldn't be where i am without you.
thank you for caring and supporting me wholeheartedly.
the role you play in my life is invaluable.
i’m grateful for all of your help and continued support.
even though we have had many differences and don't always agree, i want to thank you for being an openminded person.
i am lucky to work with you.
i just wanted to say thanks a lot for making the workplace a fun place to be.
i've enjoyed working with you and getting to know you better.
you're a great coworker!
thank you for being there for me.
you're the best officemate i have ever worked with.
thanks for having my back.
you are not only my colleague, but you are also my friend and mentor.
i am so grateful for everything that i have learned from you.
you have my immense thanks for all of the support you've given me.
your guidance and encouragement have helped me get to where i am today.
working with you is truly a pleasure.
i would like to thank you for your continued support.
i’m so grateful that someone is thinking about my wellbeing and career.
i will always remember everything you've done for me.
i love all of the projects i've been getting to work on with you.
thanks for your invaluable input and for always pushing me to be the best i can be.
if every colleague was like you, no one would complain about coming to work.
i appreciate your can-do spirit and your belief in teamwork.
you always push me to do better.
you have a special knack for helping me achieve what i want.
thank you for being a wonderful colleague and never letting me settle for something less than stellar.
taking on a new project at work can be a daunting task.
i feel the most prepared to tackle the unknown when i know that you'll be on my team!
to my dear colleagues: i count myself lucky to work in an office with such caring employees.
thanks for being some of the most interesting people i've ever worked with.
you all are the best.
you are not just my colleague at work but also my best friend.
i appreciate your time, support, and cooperation.
your approach to exemplary work is unbeatable.
much of our team's success is due to your skill and hard work.
we appreciate your time and everything that you've done openly and behind the scenes to keep this company running smoothly.
thanks for taking over my projects while i was out.
i'm so glad everything turned out well.
i owe you one.
i couldn't have completed that project without you.
i'm so glad to have you on the team and can't wait to work on more things together in the future.
i would like to thank all my senior colleagues for their unwavering support and encouragement, and for seeing the potential in me.
i appreciate all the good times we shared.
you are all the best.
thank you for developing my can-do spirit.
i have always been lucky to have good colleagues to work with.
i appreciate you for being the first person to believe in my abilities.
i am proud to work with a team full of ambitious people who continue to deliver excellent results.
i have learned a lot from your wealth of experience—more than you will ever know.
thanks for the support and friendship.
thank you for being a workplace advocate.
as part of the management team, you made important decisions that were in our team's interest.
you have inspired me not to give up or slack off.
i know that my career achievements are due to your encouragement and support.
your help and guidance have done so much for me.
words cannot adequately express the appreciation i have for the time you've spent helping shape my career.
i will recall our time together fondly.
i wanted to let you know that i appreciate the honest effort that you put into all of your projects.
your dedication to work is something that always inspires us to give it our all.
thank you for having my back!
you are the most thoughtful person to work with.
thank you for being a great coworker!
all of your support and cooperation in the workplace has really made me a better employee.
thanks for instilling in me the spirit of courage, discipline, and tolerance.
i've always believed that the people you work with are what makes the job worthwhile, and you all proved me right.
i hope everyone is lucky enough to know someone as generous as you.
your gift is perfect.
how did you know my wife and i needed this gift?
we can't wait to use it.
thank you for your thoughtfulness and generosity.
the fantastic gift that you gave me means a lot to me.
thank you for being the greatest colleague to work with.
i am very appreciative of your support and your thoughtful gift.
they really mean so much to me.
thank you for recognizing and rewarding my contributions at work.
i cannot express how grateful i am to have you as my colleague.
once again, thank you for your thoughtfulness!
your birthday gift made me laugh out loud.
i love our inside jokes, and i can't wait to make more memories with you.
it was such a surprise to find your gift on my desk yesterday.
it really cheered up.
you didn't have to get me a birthday gift, but i love it.
it was so thoughtful, and i will cherish it for years to come.
i can't even imagine how long this baby blanket took you to make.
it's rare to have an employee who inspires their boss the way you inspire me.
thanks for always pushing me to look at things from a new perspective.
i just want you to know that your hardworking efforts don't go unnoticed.
the detailed thinking that goes into all of your projects is impressive.
i love knowing that every time i walk into the office i'll be greeted with your positive attitude.
you treat everyone who walks through that door with respect and kindness.
thanks for embodying the workplace spirit!
your ability to work well with everyone is a rare find in an employee.
i'm grateful you chose to bring your talents to our company.
thank you for making my job easy.
i never need to worry about the quality of work you turn in.
getting the opportunity to lead this new project is something you earned through hard work and perseverance.
i can't wait to see how great it turns out.
i know i've given you a lot of work these past few months.
it's only because i trust you to get it done right.
please know that i value your hard work, and i am always here to support you.
thank you for always bringing your best self to work.
your commitment to this job is appreciated.
you are an invaluable employee at this company.
the team would fall apart without you.
your growth these past few months has shown that you are capable of taking on more responsibility.
your ability to connect with people is something that can't be taught.
thanks for making every new hire feel comfortable the moment they walk through the door.
i'm so proud of you for sharing your ideas in last week's meeting.
they were incredibly insightful and made me rethink this project.
please keep speaking up!
i love employees who challenge the status quo, and you embody this trait so well.
i want you to know we appreciate your honesty and ability to speak up when you don't agree with something.
thank you for always pushing me to do my best.
i'm grateful to have a boss like you.
i have learned so much from you, and i’m so appreciative of all the time you’ve taken to teach me new things.
thank you for believing in me.
i was really nervous to lead that meeting, but knowing i had your support made it easy.
i'm always appreciative that you treat myself and the rest of the team as peers rather than employees.
i love working at a place where i know i'm valued.
you're an inspiration to this team.
your leadership and vision are rare, and i always trust that you'll guide us in the right direction.
thank you for creating a positive environment within our department.
i love everyone i work with, and it's all thanks to you.
i am indebted to you.
The dinner was delicious.
i appreciate you.
you are an inspiration.
i am grateful.
you are a blessing.
you are a true friend.
you're so great.
this is great.
you light up my life.
my sincere thanks.
you're the best.
you make me happy.
you've been very helpful.
how can we ever thank you enough for all you've done?
we're forever grateful.
you helped me right when i needed help most.
if anyone deserves thanks, it's you.
i really appreciate your support in this endeavor.
you have been extremely supportive through this difficult time.
i could not have gotten through it without you.
we must thank you for your support at this time.
i want to thank you for all the support and concern.
that was very kind of you.
how can i ever repay you?
your support has made me a stronger person and i will forever be grateful.
you're my best friend.
taking the time to help me was a very nice thing for you to do.
thanks so much.
thank you for thinking of me and taking the time to be kind.
you are the most beautiful and wonderful thing that has ever happened to me.
i'm so lucky!
you are a great employee and a positive force around the office.
i want to acknowledge everyone's extra effort.
you did an excellent job on that report.
i want to thank you publicly for your hard work and dedication.
your attitude and work level suit us here, so keep up the good work!
thank you for sharing your knowledge and experience with me.
you have been a valuable member of our team.
thank you for giving me the chance to fulfill my potential here.
your commitment to this project is second to none.
i appreciate you supporting me at the meeting.
you have a winner's attitude.
thank you for sharing your vision.
your commitment to excellence has inspired others.
we appreciate your innovative thinking.
your attention to detail puts you at the top.
thank you for taking the initiative and getting it done.
people make the difference.
and one of those people is you.
thank you for making a difference in our company.
let us be grateful for the people who make us smile, the people who make work fun, and the people we can count on to get the dang job done!
your hard work and creativity are appreciated by all!
congratulations and hope we have you for many, many more years to come.
that may explain why everyone around your desk is perpetually infused with dedication and enthusiasm.
thank you for being you!
you’re a rockstar!
thanks for bringing the energy to the office every morning at 8 am.
a pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants but is miles ahead in results.
consider this one big pat on the back!
employees like you can even make Mondays a joy.
thanks for your hard work and super attitude.
when we need things done right, we don’t need to do it ourselves.
we just need to give it to you.
thanks for your great work!
complaining is finding faults, wisdom is finding solutions.
thanks for continuously being wise!
if desks could talk, yours would say ouch.
thank you for your very hard work!
we appreciate you for more than just your work.
we also want to celebrate your character and positive effect you have on others.
a lot of people failed at what you accomplished, simply because they were busy finding problems while you were busy finding solutions.
opportunity comes to those who quit waiting and start looking.
success comes to those who quit thinking and start doing.
congratulations on looking and doing.
your work speaks volumes of the kind of man you are – efficient, organized and result-oriented.
even the smallest of jobs well done will take you one step closer towards the success that you have always dreamed about.
keep it up.
doing a good job is not always about impressive innovation.
sometimes it is only about doing something with plain dedication.
talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything.
not a single effort of yours will go in vain.
you will be rewarded for your pain.
your hard work will bring you a lot of gains.
the highest reward for man’s toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.
if Oscars were given for a job well done, i’d nominate you!
congratulations on your fantastic achievement!
the person who feels appreciated will always do more than what is expected.
alone we can do so much little, together we can do so much.
the secret to success is to treat any job as an opportunity to explore, rather than something that is a boring chore.
congratulations.
my grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit.
he told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.
you are doing a good job here, and i want you to know that your presence and work are acknowledged and they are helping us reach our targets and goals.
with this success comes greater opportunities and challenges.
face it with the same zeal as you always have.
many see a job well done but few come forward with a word of appreciation.
your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
and the only way to do great work is to love what you do.
it’s not the hours you put into your work that count, its work you put in the hours.
within you is the power to rise above any situation or struggle, and transform into the brightest, strongest version of you ever.
every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it.
autograph your work with excellence.
once you have experienced excellence you will never again be content with mediocrity.
just an opportunity to say ‘wow’ and ‘thank you’ for all your great work.
it’s an honor for our organization…to have someone like you.
with your hard work, you have taken us to the top.
we are so fortunate to have an innovator like you on our team.
this is truly above and beyond.
you are so creative, i always love getting your perspective on things.
we’ve always taken great pleasure to see your enthusiasm for work you do.
hoping that you will remain with us for many years to come!
no matter how big a crowd maybe, a person like you always stands out!
congratulations on your fabulous victory!
you deserve it every bit!
aim for the stars!
in the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
you will never find out your real worth until you give life your best shot.
work hard and give it all you’ve got.
you will find more success than you had ever thought.
luck has a funny way of coming into people’s life.
it follows hard-working people wherever they go and does a no show for all the slackers.
congrats, you deserved to be the lucky one.
time to rejoice, time to celebrate, for you have won in the long run with your dedication and hard work.
the destiny of hard work is always a success.
you have done hard work and got succeed.
congratulations on your huge and marvelous success.
may the success that has come your way today lead you to a bigger achievement in the years to come.
you deserve to be congratulated for your hard work, honesty, and utmost dedication.
congrats and best wishes for a promising future.
facing challenges with strength, determination and confidence are what matters, and you have done it.
you have proven yourself to be a very skilled individual who has the capacity to do great things with their life.
continue to make us proud as you face new challenges and adventures.
may success never leave your hand, and may you get everything you want.
many others failed because they had a lot of excuses, you succeeded because you didn’t have any.
pursuing excellence is not a one time job.
it is a way of life.
good job.
every time you do a good job, you polish yourself one more time.
if our team were a car, you would be the fuel that accelerates it to its limits.
a lot of people wait for opportunities to come and knock on their door.
only a few people like you step out to look for them.
no wonder, you are a winner.
you don’t stop when you are tired.
throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find the happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
hard work is the best key to unlock doors of opportunity and success.
the first step in a long journey of perfection and success starts with a good job.
The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focused on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.
the reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.
never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
we are thrilled to have you on our team and this is exactly why we need you.
i appreciate your quick response to help out a new customer!
thank you for the fantastic job you have been doing for our company lately.
your hard work and dedication have helped us out during a difficult time in our company.
we just wanted to make sure you know how much you are valued and appreciated.
you’re never a loser until you quit trying.
you’re doing great..well done.
keep calm and keep up the good work.
you have proved that lack of experience in a job doesn’t really matter when there is a strong urge for excellence and perfection.
you are a winner!
special thanks to a valued employee!
your dedication is greatly appreciated.
a job that is well done is like a benchmark.
it will help you do a better job the next time.
i can’t express how much i appreciate your efforts.
it’s great to have someone as special as you to work with!
many thanks for all your hard work, we are so thankful for all that you do!
this is a responsible task, but we do not doubt that employees like you will meet the challenge.
fewer problems, more solutions – keep working like this and nothing will be able to stop you from reaching the top.
i consider you a real superhero because you have helped all these people without any personal interest.
people like you are hard to find.
we have become fans of your great work.
it is very well appreciated.
you are a rockstar at work..!
thank you for sharing your knowledge and experience with us.
you have been an example of the most hardworking person ever.
hope you continue working with so much dedication and bring about this same honesty for the rest of the years in your work.
some people in our office dress well, some talk, some carry themselves, but you just get jobs done well.
so far you’ve survived 100 of your worst days.
you are doing great.
good things come to those who work hard.
a lot of people in this office are busy planning, plotting, discussing and strategizing.
you are the only one busy doing.
thanks for working with so much dedication and devotion to this project.
keep up the great work.
best of luck.
don’t be afraid of the new challenges, that you come across your new job.
i am sure, you will prove yourself and will surely achieve success.
in the beginning, i was a little doubtful about your work, but the way it has turned out, in the end, is amazing and surprising.
you have surprised us all.
happiness is..working with great people like you.
you have done such great work with complete dedication.
you surely deserve heartfelt appreciations.
keep up the good spirits, all the best for your future success.
some people keep dreaming about success but very few like you, do everything they can to achieve it.
i like what you are doing, keep up the good work.
you’ve been the man since day one.
such a supportive teammate and encourager.
not everyone is a creative thinker…but you are.
i appreciate your critical thinking around this project.
you did an excellent job..thanks for being awesome.
a great employee is like a four-leaf clover, hard to find lucky to have.
thanks for stepping up and getting this done for us.
thank you for working so hard for us and our clients!
your dedication is so meaningful!
we can’t spell success without u..!
I love having you on the team.
i feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
it's not where you are in life, it's who you have by your side that matters.
light is the task when many share the toil.
probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues.
if you have an apple and i have an apple and we exchange apples then you and i will still each have one apple.
but if you have an idea and i have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
we should not only use the brains we have but all that we can borrow.
an agreeable companion on a journey is as good as a carriage.
we often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
i never had a policy; i have just tried to do my very best every day.
character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking.
quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for.
every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it.
if you have integrity, nothing else matters.
if you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
the rewards go to the risk-takers, those who are willing to put their egos on the line and reach out to other people and richer, fuller life for themselves.
getting money is not all a man's business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life.
gratitude is one of the least articulate of the emotions, especially when it is deep.
there is no greater loan than a sympathetic ear.
you gave me your time, the most thoughtful gift of all.
a helping word to one in trouble is often like a switch on a railroad track, – but one inch between wreck and smooth-rolling prosperity.
to give without any reward, or any notice has a special quality of its own.
the first failure is often a blessing.
every failure is a step to success.
today's opportunities erase yesterday's failures.
finite to fail, but infinite to venture.
as we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them.
it may take a degree to land a nice job however it takes a lot of hard work to get appreciation from your employer.
let us tell you on this employee appreciation day, thank you for your efforts.
mere words can never be enough to admire your actions because your work always meets our expectations.
successful companies are run by thriving entrepreneurs who hire booming employees.
thank you for being a vital part of this chain.
thank you for showing all your colleagues that pursuing excellence is the best way to climb the success ladder in this company.
the walls of this office would weaken without your charisma.
thank you for being a part of this team.
this employee appreciation day, we’d like to tell you that you are an embodiment of professionalism.
thank you for bringing your best to work day after day.
you are irreplaceable to this company, you are our biggest strength.
your passion is a quality that cannot be learned and an ability that cannot be taught.
thank you for being a part of this organization.
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision.
the ability to direct individual accomplishment toward organizational objectives.
it is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
greatness is not in where we stand, but in what direction we are moving.
we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it but sail we must and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
our company’s success is a direct result of how well this team works together.
as a group, your commitment to communication, accountability, and collaboration is unmatched — and i can’t wait to see how it continues to grow the business over time.
you have always moved forward to help me through thick and thin situations of my work life.
thank you for always being there.
being new in this unknown city and working with strangers wouldn’t have been easy if you were not there.
thank you for making my work life easier.
being friends with you is what i always want to hold on to, work would have never been fun without you.
thank you, mate.
the effort you do to make my every birthday special together will all of the members of the office makes me cry tears of joy.
thank you for making me feel special.
during my absence due to being ill, you completed my work to help me, i will never forget your humbleness.
the number of times i thank you to show gratitude towards your uncountable favors would be less.
i appreciate how you have helped me get through all the hurdles of work pressure.
always stay by my side.
showing tones of appreciation would never be enough for the favors that you did to me.
i will keep your kindness always in my heart.
i appreciate your companionship that has helped to reach the position i am in today.
i shall always cherish our companionship lifelong.
i appreciate all your sayings that have inspired and motivated me to work harder.
thank you for your guidance.
i will always appreciate the love that you have given me, which has helped to stay away from my family during hours of work.
i appreciate from the core of my heart, how you have provided me a loan during my hard times.
i will never forget your kindness.
thanking for such a beautiful gift does not seem enough, but i wish to show you gratitude from the core of my heart.
such a beautiful gift from you has really overwhelmed me.
thank you for such a pleasant surprise.
that were the most delicious chocolates i ever devoured.
thanks a lot for such a wonderful surprise.
i will cherish our friendship lifelong.
thank you for such a special gift.
nothing other than such a special gift from you could have made my day better.
thanking you in tons would not be enough.
never thought i am so special to you, thank you for the gift, my eyes are gleaming with joy.
you deserve the grandest celebration of all.
i wish you all the very best for your future life.
many congratulations to you my dear!
my heartiest congratulations to you for this great success of yours.
keep bringing these little joys to us every year!
my best wishes are for you always!
my greatest pleasure is to see you victorious over all the hurdles in life.
you deserve the biggest congratulation for all your hard works!
being a part of your life is an honor to live with.
i have seen all your success and all your struggles behind the curtain.
not many people have a story of their own to tell.
you have a story of your own and there are so many others to tell it over and over again.
life doesn’t just throw the things to you that you desire most.
you have to earn them with every bit of your blood and sweat.
you have proved once again that you’re worthy of all the big things in life.
congratulations to you for doing it once again!
with every success of yours, you take yourself to a whole new level.
accept my heartfelt congratulations as we all celebrate this grand success of yours!
you’re the most brilliant person i have ever known.
you really deserve all the appreciations in this world.
you have accomplished the things that most men can only dream of.
you are a role model for everyone around you.
no one needs a second look at you to realize what a great achiever you are.
you can accomplish anything that you desire for.
it’s a great pleasure for me whenever i see you achieving the things that i never believed you could.
congratulations to you on your recent achievement.
i wonder if you ever feel tired of making us proud.
God bless you!
your talent and your ability to work hard will get you anywhere you want to see yourself in life.
it’s just the beginning!
i always knew you’d accomplish big things in life.
you’re doing just perfect on your way of becoming a legend.
you’ve don’t it again just like i told you would.
i’m happier than anyone else right now.
you have so many things to achieve!
congratulations to you on winning this prestigious award.
this will give you a lot of motivation to do some great things in the future.
i’m so happy that your talent and hard work have finally been rewarded.
you deserved this award more than anyone else!
congratulations to the most talented guy in the field.
i’d also like to thank the award committee for finally finding the hidden gem in the box!
it would have been an injustice if such a brilliant person like you wasn’t rewarded for all of his great contributions!
you didn’t just take the award home with you.
you have won the hearts of us with it.
congratulations to you for winning everything!
i feel so overwhelmed by the joy of seeing you win the award.
you made us all proud with this win.
you just rose one step higher on the ladder that leads you to the ultimate success in life.
congratulations on your promotion!
may this promotion be the perfect inspiration for you to make an even bigger contribution to your company.
it’s a piece of happy news for all of us to know that you’re getting promoted.
we all hope that you’ll make a leader someday.
you always bring positive energy to the office.
promoting you is one of the rightest decisions this company has ever made.
your climb to the top is quick but smooth.
may God bless you with many more successes like this.
dedication and hard work never remain unpaid.
your promotion is a classic example of that.
i am very delighted.
you have finished gathering all the knowledge and tools that you need for the rest of your life.
its time to apply them.
so many good wishes for the next chapter of your life.
congratulations on completing your graduation!
there’s no better way of completing graduation than with a distinction.
your hard work for all these years has been paid off.
you have prepared yourself well for the struggles of life.
its time to set your aims high and start chasing them.
may your life be filled with success and achievements
you have come a long way but still, miles to go.
congratulations on being a proud graduate!
this is a day of great happiness for everyone including me.
you’ve made us all proud.
i wish you a successful life ahead.
my heartiest congratulations go to both you for starting a new life together.
may the joy of today remain with you forever!
may this new chapter of your life be filled with sweet romance and beautiful moments.
congratulations to both of you!
the most beautiful adventure of your life has just begun.
enjoy every bit of it together and live it with all your hearts.
a very bright future waits for both of you.
you two are made for each other.
congratulations on finally tying the knot of marriage!
seeing you together as a married couple makes me delighted with joy.
you look so perfect together.
your marriage is an example for all of us that true love never fails to find its way to bring lovers together.
the first big step of being together forever has been accomplished.
its time to prepare yourself for the new life.
congratulations on being engaged!
dreams that you two had together for all these years have started to come true one by one.
its time to celebrate the love you two share.
i feel so happy to hear the good news of your engagement.
i look forward to seeing you smiling on your wedding day.
congratulations on your work anniversary.
working with a wonderful person like you was always a great experience.
we’re proud to have a coworker like you in our team who came along with his talents and commitment on this day.
sending heartiest wishes to the nicest employee!
we are grateful to you for all the contributions that you afforded to make our company progressed.
you’re the role model of a perfect employee who listens to everything with tolerance, observes everything with compassion and speaks with love.
it seems as if you joined yesterday and today it’s one year.
hope to work with you for more years.
sending you my heartfelt wishes on your happy work anniversary.
no wonder time flies.
but i’d like to work with such a nice coworker for more working years.
you’ve brilliantly proved that you’re an essential part of our organization.
our organization feels proud to have an asset like you.
best of luck for the days ahead.
many congratulations on your happy work anniversary!
may you accomplish more successful working years with this organization.
wish you good luck.
if there is a colleague like you, i don’t care about Monday morning blues.
congratulation on your work anniversary!
you’ve turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun.
thanks for being such a hilarious colleague with a great sense of humor.
happy work anniversary and all the best!
working with a colleague like you were always a blast and looking forward to feeling that all again for another year.
it’s another year down of tolerating you and looking ahead for many more years to be passed working with you.
congrats on your anniversary!
all these years you’ve been our guiding star with your unlimited patience, generous attitude and supportive nature.
we love you, boss.
today’s achievement of this organization is only possible for your supreme leadership, inspiring support, dedication, and passion.
thanks for all your efforts.
we feel lucky and glad to be a part of your team.
your exceptional leadership is beyond words.
you always saw possibilities in us and inspired to spark that.
it’s our honor to work under your supervision.
through all these years, your guidance and support helped to accomplish all the targets.
wish you a blissful future and thank you for your inspiring and supportive leadership.
sending heartfelt wishes to the best colleague that i ever had.
congratulation on your work anniversary.
looking forward to more years of working together.
you’re a great coworker who makes the workplace out of boredom.
know my best wishes on your impressive achievement.
a great employee like you is valuable for both the organization as well as coworkers.
well done and enjoy your happy work anniversary.
sending heartfelt wishes to the best employee.
may God bless you with success at every place you go and all that you do!
it was a great experience to have a dedicated and sincere employee in our team.
congratulations and heartiest greetings on your work anniversary.
this promotion means that you have gone one more step closer to your success.
may you always keep on climbing?
you are simply amazing.
your friends know that you are the best.
your family knows that you are the best.
your promotion proves that now, even your boss knows that you are the best.
impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools where you’re such a clever one.
i’m so proud of your achievement and wish you continued success.
your promotion shows that your bosses have good decision-making skills because they made the right decision by promoting a great employee like you.
you do not deserve this promotion, rather this promotion deserves an amazing man like you.
after all your hard work and much love for your work, you deserve the promotion you just get.
finally, what you have planted has now grown!
accept my deepest gratitude and congratulations on your job promotion.
your success story never ceases to inspire us.
congratulations on your well-deserved promotion!
all the best to you and your new office.
your talent has overshadowed your experience.
you are the most suitable for this promotion.
keep working harder.
may you find your success
congratulations for successfully juggling the responsibilities of family and work.
you are truly an allrounder and go-getter.
the only person i could think of that is capable of this promotion is you and only you.
you deserved this.
a very happy and warm congratulation from a friend.
your promotion doesn’t come as a surprise to me.
hardworking, reliable, efficient, organized, proactive and effective people usually always get promotions in life.
this promotion is going to cost you more responsibilities, tighter schedule, more hard work and yet this is what makes you closer to your success.
congratulations on this brilliant success.
i will never make the mistake of saying that you were lucky to get a promotion in your job because i know that you have worked bloody hard for it.
the seasons may change, the work may change, but nothing will ever change how great i think you are.
nice work with the promotion mate.
many people keep on dreaming, some people try but; only a few achieve.
congratulations because you are indeed an achiever!
you have made us all proud, keep up the good work.
congratulations on your promotion.
a promotion comes along with new challenges and tasks.
i am sure you will manage those without a problem and wish you lots of luck.
i’m happy to see you achieve your ambition!
and this is such good news for you and us as well!
and wow this one is a cause for a grand celebration.
finally, the bosses have seen your amazing performance.
your promotion is well-deserved.
go full speed ahead now!
don’t let the promotion joy spoil your enthusiasm for working hard… keep up the good work!
with your new promotion at work, your pockets will get heavier.
but don’t worry because your wife will always be there to lighten them up.
you got the promotion you desperately wanted because it was the promotion that you rightfully deserved.
are you a steve jobs in the making?
are you a bill gates in the making?
are you a warren buffet in the making?
are you a mark Zuckerberg in the making?
are you a larry page in the making?
no one knows yet but since this is just your first promotion, we have lots of time to find out!
as you move up to the next level of your career, there will be obstacles, but i know you can conquer them all.
good luck and congratulations!
congratulations to my coworker and my friend!
hope this is just your first step towards success.
impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools, brother.
i’m so proud of your achievement and wish you continued success!
you have a bright future ahead with such a great achievement.
congratulations… you deserve this promotion!
great job!
heard you’ve promoted and all these are true blessings.
this is merely your first step on the way to success.
congratulations again!
i know you deserve it.
the promotion pays off your hard work and talent, but it never limits your aim; the skill and notion you have is rare, and some i learn, but many more are spared; the boss like you deserve many successes at work.
congratulation.
do you have mastered the art of hard work and the pressure on most of your time at work.
now you have to master the art of making others do the same.
congratulations on the promotion boss.
to an extraordinary leader with superhuman management skills, congratulations!
i am happy to hear of your recent promotion.
i wish you all the best!
you deserve the smile what you enjoy today and i wish you congratulation for your achievement.
you are the perfect leader and boss to us and your living is the inspiration to all.
climb many highs in your life.
to a person who not only knows how to lead but also inspires us all to excel in our jobs, congratulations!
you, our boss, are the best!
cheers to your promotion.
only the best are chosen, and you are one of them!
you’ve worked hard for it and earned it fair and square.
congratulations and more power to you as you handle the responsibilities of your new position.
we are lucky to have you as our boss who let us work the way we desire.
this is the celebration of free spirit and free mind and the achievement reflects your freedom to live a life.
i wish you congratulation on this success.
the road to success is never smooth, but you glided on it like an effortless skater.
i see how you love what you do.
congratulations on your job promotion!
the qualities you have are exceptional, the dream you cherish are bold.
the achievements you got witnesses your unconditional effort.
you are the inspiration in you and we are proud of you.
congratulations, dear boss, on your promotion.
although we know we will miss your presence in this department, we are truly happy for your success!
the company has realized it’s potential candidates who well deserve the next career stage in their life.
congrats on being one of them.
i’m happy to see you achieve your ambition.
our star performer has been promoted to a new level.
hoping to reach new heights in works, as heshe embark upon the new career stage.
congratulations on your achievement.
i wish for more success to come especially now that you have taken yourself to the next level.
i think a celebration for this is worth to be done.
i know you will never get this promotion without your perseverance and self-discipline.
you are such a good model for people around you.
standing ovation for you.
dear senior, we knew that you were talented and brilliant, much before your boss eventually figured it out.
the reason behind your promotion is spelled out as persistence, resilience, obedience, motivation, outstanding, terrific, impressive, optimism and being nifty at work.
you were a leader among your friends when you were young.
now you are a leader at work.
this proves that true leaders are born leaders.
congratulations for being promoted to a managerial post.
working very hard is completely worth it.
congratulations on your new achievement.
keep on going my dear and i just wish you all the success as you enter another brighter horizon in your life.
i’m so proud of you.
it is you who teach us to go after the excellence, not after the achievements; it is you who defines success with hard work and dedication.
today you get another achievement and you earn it through your work.
for us, your name always meant one who never sees the time when there is a need in the organization.
so here’s wishing you a great future on your achievement.
any achievement you have attained is indeed the success you completely well deserved.
i wish that you may encounter more honor in the near future.
good job and keep up the good work!
it was a question of time your company realized that they had a gem of a person working for them.
everything is possible when you just believe in yourself.
well done is better than well said and you have proved it with your great effort.
you are a perfect doer and a man of dedication.
keep up the great work!
in the end, you are a winner!
you are one of those great people who don’t wait for opportunities to come and knock on their door but step out to look for them.
all the best!
this is the beginning of many more good things to come.
may you get everything, that you could demand?
best wishes in all you do and congrats on the job well done!
may you reach the heights of success, and may your work be loved by everyone, in your office.
congratulations on your job well done.
keep your positive attitude alive, and never let the enthusiasm in you fade, this is your strength.
keep it up in your work life too.
congratulations and best of luck buddy.
congratulations on your fantastic achievement!
your hard work will bring you a lot of gains.
congratulations on looking and doing.
there is no doubt that you will rise fast at the apex of your career.
because you are a very intelligent, smart, hard worker and your work ethic par excellence.
keep going!
when others are busy making the plan you are the one who has done.
your good work deserves the heartiest appreciation.
keep it up and congratulation on a job well done!
you have faced a lot of challenges and overcome many obstacles to complete this task.
though the way was rocky and filled with difficulties, you have done it very well.
good job and tons of best wishes.
people like you take the im out of impossible by becoming pro at tackling problems.
i suppose if you’ve never bitten your nails, there isn’t any way to explain the habit.
it’s not enjoyable, really, but there is a certain satisfaction – pride in a job well done.
skills can be imparted, but the will to persist and persevere is inborn… a talent you have been blessed with.
many others failed because they had a lot of excuses.
you succeeded because you didn’t have any.
fewer problems, more solutions – keep working like this and nothing will be able to stop you from reaching the top.
this message is to recognize your contribution to the team’s success.
your commitment has been exemplary and your hard work is an inspiration to everyone around you.
the worst mistake a boss can make is not to say well done.
but i’m not such kind of fool who doesn’t have the eyes to see the progress.
you did it very well.
this is a great achievement for you, as well as for our company.
you have shown us how to finish a tough task very smoothly.
we have many to learn from you.
an employee like you one in a million.
you left no stone unturned to reach this result.
i am proud of you.
you are the gem of a person!
this is a responsible task, but we do not doubt that an employee like you will meet the challenge.
your hard work has proved that this job was destined for you.
you have made me realize that i made the right decision by delegating it to you.
doing a job well is like wearing an impeccable suit – the best way to make a great impression.
may success follow you, every place you go!
in the halo of prosperity, may you always glow!
may you get everything, that you could ever ask for!
great times lie ahead for you, of that we are very sure.
no job well done is a onetime investment that will reap rewards for the rest of your life in the form of skill, knowledge, expertise, and goodwill.
well done, mate.
shine on mate, well done.
your contribution to the project proves what we already knew – that you are a strong team player and a connoisseur of excellence.
the time and efforts you had put into this work that is beyond excellence.
take my cordial thanks!
you are an efficient, organized and result-oriented person.
everything you’ve done in your career as a result of your resilience, hard work, and persistence.
thank you for your will to persist and persevere.
thank you for your full focus on the job instead of focusing on proving yourself to others.
you always tried harder to be better and now your success speaks out louder.
I’m sure it was worth it all.
the amount of work and effort you put into your job is way more than your salary.
if you keep working like this, your salary will soon be more than the amount of work and effort you will have to put in your job.
thank you for your excellent work!
well done and heartfelt thanks to you!
management means helping people to do their best, not just organizing things.
thank you for a good job!
we really appreciate your efforts.
you may have listed your college degree but you have forgotten to add your most important skills in your resume – perseverance.
thanks for completing the project, well done.
thank you for your support!
now your efforts effort has paid off.
a strong knot can be tied if both ends stretch forward equally, else either might slip away.
happy Monday!
if you start the week with a positive attitude on Monday, it’ll be a lot easier to fight off negativity for the rest of the week.
how many Mondays have been and gone since you said i’ll start next week?
take action start today.
have a rocking Monday!
if god can move you from January to December, he will surely move you from shame to fame, insults to results, sorry to glory, a disgrace to grace, labor to favor, a mockery to victory and raise you from glory to glory.
it’s Monday, so choose to be happy and be yourself.
if other people don’t like it, let them be.
remember, happiness is a choice, and life is not about pleasing everyone else.
for me, Monday represents a fresh start to the week.
it is the day where the slate from the previous week is wiped clean.
it is a day of new beginnings.
monday is a lot like a math problem.
add in the irritation, multiply the problems, subtract the sleep and divide the happiness.
monday is just a reminder that the weekend has past and there are only a few more days before another weekend gets here.
no day is monday or saturday itself, it’s your attire that lets you choose to excel or retreat.
happy monday.
you can’t start the next chapter of your life if you just keep rereading the last one.
monday is your chance to start a new chapter and put the weekend behind you.
yes, it’s monday.
i’m happy.
yes, i’m blessed.
i’m going to do amazing things this week.
monday is here to say all of us hey and with new ambitions to make us more passionate!
in the journey of life, we pass pleasures and pain.
there will be sunshine and rain; there will be loss and gain.
but we must learn to smile again and again.
have a joyful monday!
wish you a great start of a week filled with motivation and inspiration of the work.
you can’t change what happened last week but you can learn from it and choose happiness this week.
monday is a starting day of any office work.
be ready for monday and as well work for the whole week.
there are great challenges ahead of us, giant opportunities to be met.
i welcome that exciting prospect and feel to say to the Lord, humbly, give me this mountain’ give me these challenges.
we can’t direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
for maximum happiness, peace, and contentment, may we choose a positive attitude.
mondays are the start of the workweek which offers new beginnings 52 times a year!
it doesn’t matter how many mistakes you make or how slow your progress is.
you will still always be way ahead of everyone else who isn’t even trying.
pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
hey i know it’s monday but it’s also a new day, a new week, and in that lies a new opportunity for something special to happen.
if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
monday is the day to set your pace for a productive and meaningful working week.
just go ahead with all you have to excel.
the best way to predict the future is to create it.
in some cases, it did not know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
keep your heart open to new dreams.
as long as there’s a dream, there is hope.
as long as there’s hope, there is joy in living.
on monday mornings, i am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
sometimes we mistakenly may believe that happiness is the absence of a load.
but bearing a load is a necessary and essential part of the plan of happiness.
monday is a great day for becoming too busy to die.
i have one goal for you: to be so happy that when other people look at you, they get happy, too.
monday means a new day with new hopes new goals so don’t take tension and be ready!
monday means a shining day just like a day of full sun without which day will be the night!
smile today and say a kind word to a stranger.
take the time to close your eyes and enjoy each moment.
have an amazing monday everyone.
wish u marvelous monday, tasty tuesday, victory wednesday, thankful thursday, friendly friday, successful saturday, and superb sunday.
have a great week ahead.
nobody trips over mountains.
it is the small pebble that causes you to stumble.
pass all the pebbles in your path, and you will find you have crossed the mountain.
when one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
courage doesn’t always roar.
sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says i’ll try again tomorrow.
in god’s eyes, love is never absent.
in God heart, forgiveness is never impossible.
in gods' embrace, no one is ever alone or forgotten.
be bold!
don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.
the time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
expect and prepare for criticism, discouragement, and sabotage from others.
laugh them off, avoid them, and take countermeasures as needed.
someday, everything will make perfect sense.
so, for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.
most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
god is waiting somewhere above to give you his grace and send his love.
whatever your cross, whatever your pain, God always sends a rainbow after the rain.
though many are the forces threatening our Christian family unity, we must encourage one another and build each other up.
the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity.
the optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
don’t wish a life without troubles, instead, ask for the strength to face troubles that come our way. as a wounded warrior is superior to a healthy coward!
my friends, love is better than anger.
hope is better than fear.
optimism is better than despair.
so let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
and we’ll change the world.
god often uses small matches to light up great torches and no matter how small you feel in this world, he has something big instore for you.
accept responsibility for your life.
know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
when you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
the goal then is to pay that forward and encourage others to do the same while leading a righteous life by example, always striving to forgive the trespasses of others and forgive yourself as well.
when u were born u were crying and everyone around was smiling, live your life so that when you die, u r smiling and everyone is around crying.
every failure is a lesson well-learned, every success is a battle well-fought, so face hardships with courage.
we must meet the challenge rather than wish it were not before us.
the world will provide you with stones every day; what you build out of it is your outlook – a bridge or a wall.
the right way is the jesus way and he will help and encourage you to be the best that you can be for him.
god has a reason for allowing things to happen, we may never understand, his wisdom but we simply have to trust his will.
so be brave to face problems.
promise me you’ll always remember: you’re braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
when you are around people that have the same mindset as you do, it helps encourage you to work towards your goals even more.
you may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated.
it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
the reason a smile attracts people in a social gathering is that they encourage a positive response.
and once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive.
you won’t even be sure whether the storm is over.
but one thing is certain.
when you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in.
that’s what this storm’s all about.
life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you; they’re supposed to help you discover who you are.
there is neither happiness nor unhappiness in this world; there is merely the comparison of one state to the other.
only a man who has felt ultimate despair is capable of feeling ultimate bliss
when you are whole, you offer a whole load more to any relationship that you form and are much more likely to encourage the right kind of people into your life because you won’t accept less.
the brick walls are there for a reason.
the brick walls are not there to keep us out.
the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something.
because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough.
they’re there to stop the other people.
if you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
the pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow.
for every challenge encountered, there is an opportunity for growth.
put yourself in a state of mind where you say to yourself, ‘here is an opportunity for me to celebrate like never before, my power, my ability to get myself to do whatever is necessary’.
something special awaits you each day all you need is to recognize it and make the most of it have a positive attitude throughout the day and then i am sure for you that today is going to be a great day!
good morning!
everything in life happens for a reason, if you know the reason, then you will surely go ahead in life, think ahead and stay focused, good morning!
every morning comes with this promise – give the wings of effort to your dreams and your life will be full of bliss.
the greatest inspiration you can ever get is to know that you are an inspiration to others.
wake up and start living an inspirational life today.
good morning.
if you want to succeed in life, then start from the will to succeed, that will get you to the right path of success, always be prepared, good morning!
in the morning, make a cup of tea, boil the worries of yesterday, add a little happiness today, and filter it with a new day, have a great day, good morning!
this message is to remind you that you are beautiful, talented and one of a kind.
no one can stop you from doing anything that is on your mind.
if you don’t wake up right now with your full might, you will never be able to achieve that dream you saw last night.
take away negative thoughts and change it to positive thoughts.
as they said, a positive thought attracts positive things.
don’t complain about yesterday.
make a better tomorrow by making the most of today.
be grateful for this beautiful morning.
wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is about to happen.
have a nice day!
mornings brings in a new cheer, keep smiling oh dear, mornings are for new hope, show the world your scope, very good morning to you!
the way you get out of bed will lay the foundation of the day that lies ahead.
so wake up with a smile and walk out with a bounce in your step… you deserve it.
even the smallest of thoughts have the potential to become the biggest of successes… all you have to do is get up and get going.
when you do something beautiful, and nobody noticed, do not be sad.
for the sun, every morning is a beautiful spectacle and most of the audience sleep.
opportunities in life are like the sunrise, if you miss it, you won’t be able to see it again, so, grab the right opportunity coming your way, good morning!
you have to get up every morning and tell yourself that yes i can do it and see the magic of motivation.
good morning is not just a word, it’s an action and a belief to live the entire day well.
morning is the time when you set the tone for the rest of the day.
set it right!
success comes to those who have the will power to win over their snooze buttons.
wishing you an awesome morning.
life is not about the past, life is not about the future, life is about the present, life is about today, so have a nice day, good morning!
don’t blame god for not showering you with gifts.
he gives you the gift of a new day with every single morning.
life is a new opportunity every day, you have to go out there and make your way, so smile at the start of this new day, good morning to you!
everylife is not about the past, life is not about the future, life is about the present, life is about today, so have a nice day, good morning! morning brings a new scope, every morning brings new hope, so take every day as a new day, have a lovely day, good morning!
the withering away of the darkness and the rising of the sun signifies the most important aspect of life – despair giving way for hope.
eyes are precious, they are not meant for tears, and heart is precious, it is not meant for fears, so start your day with a smile, good morning!
being happy or sad, gloomy or excited, moody or stable… are options that are presented to you every morning.
you just have to make the right choice.
you can do nothing today and have an uncertain tomorrow… or you can do something good today to shape a better and brighter tomorrow.
what will it be?
it’s a new day, there should be new determination, a new desire, and a new will, to succeed this day, good morning and have a nice day!
don’t wake up with the regret of what you couldn’t accomplish yesterday.
wake up while thinking about what you will be able to achieve today.
lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
if it’s your job to eat a frog, it’s best to do it first thing in the morning.
and if it’s your job to eat two frogs, it’s best to eat the biggest one first.
life is beautiful, what do you think?
i am alive.
it is fantastic.
no matter how bad things are, you can at least be happy that you woke up this morning.
smile in the mirror.
do that every morning and you’ll start to see a big difference in your life.
when you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
morning is an important time of day because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.
there was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
you’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
when you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength.
give thanks for your food and the joy of living.
if you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day – like writing a poem or saying a prayer.
having you on the team makes a huge difference.
you always find a way to get it done — and done well!
it’s really admirable how you always see projects through from conception to completion.
thank you for always speaking up in team meetings and providing a unique perspective.
your efforts at strengthening our culture are not unnoticed.
fantastic work!
even when the going gets tough, you continue to have the best attitude!
it’s amazing how you always help new employees get up to speed.
just when i thought your work couldn’t get any better!
i couldn’t imagine working without you!
the secret sauce of employee retention
your work ethic speaks for itself.
there’s no other way to say it: we’d be lost without you.
thanks for always being willing to lend a hand.
the pride you take in your work is truly inspiring.
you’re so great to work with.
i am continually impressed by the results you produce!
thank you for being so flexible.
it’s incredible how thorough your work is.
your work ethic is out of this world!
you have an extremely healthy perspective.
you’re good at cheering everybody up!
is there anything you can’t do?
you are one of the most reliable employees i’ve ever had.
thank you for setting a great example for your coworkers.
not everyone is as creative as you — i mean it!
it’s amazing how you’re always able to overcome any obstacle thrown your way.
i was blown away by your contributions this week.
i enjoy working with you.
you are an invaluable member of the team.
to be honest, i’m jealous of your talents.
i can’t believe how lucky i am to have a great employee like you.
you come up with fantastic ideas!
what’s your secret?
your output is impressive, to say the least.
nice work.
your work ethic is enviable.
i just wanted to let you know how much you mean to the team.
how did this place ever operate without you?
i know i’ve been busy lately, but i just had to tell you what a great employee you are.
you play a crucial role in our company’s success.
it’s so obvious how you pay attention to detail.
you are always so quick to show initiative.
it’s honestly hard to explain how integral you are to this team.
you are an awesome employee!
it’s incredible how often you go above and beyond.
your work never ceases to amaze me!
i couldn’t live with myself if i didn’t tell you how much you mean to this company.
things have definitely been crazy lately, but you’re crushing it!
employee appreciation day inspirational quotes, employee appreciation day, thank you messages for employees, 
i have always believed that the way you treat your employees is the way they will treat your customers and that people flourish when they are praised.
the role of the CEO is to enable people to excel, help them discover their own wisdom, engage themselves entirely in their work, and accept responsibility for making a change.
motivating employees to work at their full potential is the main premise of successful management.
if you do not treat people with the respect they deserve, do not expect any kind of commitment to your productivity goals and target.
you’ve got to get your team to not only understand your company brand but also to understand their personal brand.
realize that employees and the customers both have to be engaged, at the same time, to move your business forward for sustainable success.
when a manager recognizes an employee’s behavior, personally and sincerely, both feel proud
gratified and happy.
there’s a human connection that transcends the immediate culture to create a shared bond.
the power of this bond is stronger than you might think; indeed, it’s the power that holds
together great organizational cultures.
if you don’t create a great, rewarding place for people to work, they won’t do great work.
take time to appreciate employees and they will reciprocate in a thousand ways.
people may take a job for more money, but they often leave it for more recognition.
nothing is more effective than sincere, accurate praise, and nothing is lamer than a cookie-cutter compliment.
correction does much, but encouragement does more.
if people did not complement one another there would be little society.
what every genuine philosopher every genuine man, in fact craves most is praise — although the philosophers generally call it ‘recognition’!
the greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what i thought, and attended to my answer.
thank you for all your hard work, commitment, and invaluable contributions to this company.
the ways you are leading team members and delegating tasks are very helpful in keeping this business running smoothly, and i am pleased to inform you that our business is now better positioned far above our major competitor in the market.
once again, thank you for being a dependable team player and for making our dream come true.
i am writing to you to let you know that the management team is highly impressed with your dedicated years of service to the core values and principles of this organization.
thank you for all that you have done to help this company succeed over the years.
what a reliable and supportive employee you are!
if anyone in this organization truly deserves a commendation, it is you.
thank you for all you do every moment that has earned this company the success it has today.
your excellent performance and professionalism have really changed our clients’ perception of our services, and we really appreciate your hard work and commitment to excellent project delivery.
we would like to thank you for all your contributions to our business’s growth.
you really deserve this token of appreciation for all your hardworking effort and long extra hours that you have put in toward achieving and exceeding revenue targets.
once again, we are truly appreciative of all your dedicated years of good service and continued commitment to our vision.
i would like to thank you for greatly impressing our esteemed guests during the last trade fair held at the name of the location.
you have no idea how great a positive impression you have left with them about our services.
once again, thank you so much for participating in the event and demonstrating our vision.
i just wanted to thank you for bringing out the best in the team and always striving for excellence.
i commend you for being the dependable and tactful employee that you are.
also, i really appreciate your passion for achieving this company’s planned goals and for positioning us far from our competitors.
if it weren’t for your innovative ideas and passion for the job, this company wouldn’t have met and exceeded our clients’ expectations.
thank you once again for all the extra hours spent in leaving a good impression about us in our customers’ minds.
we are proud to have talented staff like you working with us.
i am writing to you to let you know that the 20 years of service you have spent working with us were exceptional.
it feels so amazing to have you on our team and committed to our vision and principles of working for better services.
we hope that you will continue to be a great asset to our organization.
once again, thank you for everything you do in setting us apart from our major rival in the market.
i have pleasure in writing to you to let you know that the board of directors is extremely impressed and satisfied with your professionalism and commitment to good customer service.
once again, thank you for providing excellent service to every person coming to inquire about our services.
thank you for creating a unique product that is absolutely different from the rest available in the marketplace.
we are so impressed with the outcomes of your efforts and support.
thank you for going the extra mile and helping this company to succeed.
i would like to express my sincere "thank you" to you for going above and beyond in inspiring other members of the team to work diligently and efficiently to justify their paychecks.
you’re worth more than this token of appreciation for your hard work and dedication.
thank you again for setting yourself as a good example to others who hope to become an asset to this organization.
it was really helpful to have your contributions.
our job performance appraisal shows that the success of this company is due in no small part to your hard work and dedication.
because of your professionalism, organizational skills, and years of experience, we are far ahead of our competitors.
thank you for participating in the just-concluded event at the name of the location and for the excellent presentation which proved to the participants that our company is the first and the best when it comes to topnotch service delivery.
we are so appreciative of your efforts and dedication to our cause.
keep up the good work!
what a terrifically talented person you are.
the management team recognizes your dedicated years of service and would like to thank you for your efforts and commitment to excellence.
thank you again for all your hard work and dedication over the years.
we are so lucky to have such talented staff on our team.
the last quarter performance report couldn’t have been so incredible without your invaluable contributions.
we are so lucky to have an experienced employee like you at this company who is always willing to put in long extra hours on our project.
you are always inspiring other team members to work tirelessly in achieving the organization’s planned goals.
thank you again for all your hard work and worthy contributions over the past 10 years.
we would like you to know that the timing of the project was perfect and the results were incredibly wonderful.
this token of appreciation is another great way to say thank you for doing a good job.
thank you again for this successful project delivery.
we are extremely satisfied with the sales report and the management team cannot thank you enough for thinking out of the box to help boost revenue targets.
we are hard-pressed to let you know how pleased we are with your contributions.
thank you again for everything that you do in helping the company succeeds.
i am writing to you to let you know that the management team is exceedingly satisfied with the project’s progress report.
thank you so much for positively turning around this workplace within just a few months of joining our organization.
indeed you are the right person needed to uphold our integrity and set us apart from our major competitors in business.
please keep up the good work!
i want to let you know how much we appreciate the professionalism and leadership skills that you have shown in helping this company reach its full potential.
you are an example of how to be an effective staff.
thank you again for all that you do.
thank you so much for your hard work and dedication.
you relentlessly supervised the project from the beginning to end and we received a lot of compliments from our clients.
once again, we value all your sacrifices in helping this company grow to where it is today.
i am pleased to inform you that we are always satisfied whenever you are representing us in any event.
because of your expertise, professionalism, and commitment we recorded huge profits in the last quarter.
thank you again for having a passion for our job.
i would like to express my appreciation to you for all the long extra hours and effort you put in on our project.
this successful project completion is due in no small part to your hard work and dedication.
i value everything you do.
i just wanted you to know how appreciative we are for your spending extra hours and efforts on the project.
we never thought you could get the desired outcome so soon after becoming a project manager.
you really went above and beyond to help this company reach its full potential.
we are proud to have you on our team.
please accept our thanks for your excellent performance at the just concluded world trade fair in San Francisco, USA.
we are so lucky to have you in our organization.
thank you again for your outstanding contributions, and for representing us at the event.
thank you so much for the wonderful presentation during the paper session.
you have no idea of how significantly you contributed to the relaxed experience our clients enjoyed.
thank you for making our clients feel so much at ease and comfortable during the event.
on your job interview day, i knew without a doubt that you would be a great asset to whoever hired you.
thank you for your loyalty, hard work and dedication to this organization.
i am writing to say thank you so much for your valuable contributions, and for the dedicated years of service you have spent with us.
i value everything you do for this company.
the company’s progress report for the last quarter of the year was just wonderful!
this is to let you know that we recognize your efforts and to thank you for making this business succeed.
we’re so lucky to have you on our team.
your passion for the job and your performance report has shown us how professional you are.
thank you for always being in a position to help keep this company running smoothly and helping the rest of the team achieve the company's planned goals.
we are so blessed to have a promising employee like you.
i would like to thank you so much for your help during the last meeting organized for our customers.
you made everyone feel so much at ease and we received positive remarks from the customers about how professional you are.
we are exceedingly satisfied with the result of your work and it has been so amazing and worthy of special recognition.
we cannot thank you enough for your professionalism and help from the beginning to the end.
thank you again for your contributions to the company.
the entire team has the utmost confidence in you.
your professionalism, leadership qualities, and passion for the job are what make you an incredible person to work with.
hiring you was the best decision we could ever make.
we will definitely want to work with you again.
thank you for your commitment to your job and the work you do to achieve our company goals!
you smashed that presentation out of the park, it was beautifully put together and well-researched.
the way you took the lead in a situation when your team needed you was a phenomenal display of our company values.
we’re so fortunate to have you on our team!
that’s a great idea, thanks for sharing it!
we’ll definitely use that going forward.
you can do attitude is contagious and it really embodies our company values.
thank you for all your hard work!
thank you for always going above and beyond what’s expected of you!
your work and dedication are outstanding – we really appreciate you!
we really appreciate your contribution to the team.
you add a fun, creative element – thanks!
your ability to identify problems enables us to solve them in a quick and timely manner.
this kind of thinking really puts us ahead of the game, thank you for this!
thanks for always striving to learn more, to be educated and empowered to take on more in your role with us.
a quality we admire and appreciate!
thank you for always going the extra mile with every little detail.
what you do is perfect.
?
in case you think i didn’t notice, i did.
you worked really hard on that last project, you put every effort in and it’s greatly appreciated by the entire company!
thank you for assisting me through this process, i know it hasn’t been easy, but you availed yourself every step of the way.
it’s been such a pleasure working with you
i appreciate all the information you had to share, it showed me how well prepared you were at every step of the way.
the new process you’ve created makes so much sense, it’s innovative and smart thinking.
we are now on the road to more efficiency and growth.
thank you for your hard work and dedication.
this is by far the best idea you’ve had!
we’re so chuffed, this makes so much sense.
well done for smashing that out the park so quickly!
you’re your turn around time was phenomenal.
your quality of work always exceeds expectations and really endeavors to take our company to new heights, thank you for your hard work and dedication
you are crushing it!
i can see how hard you are working.
i wanted to let you know that words can’t really capture my gratitude but know that i appreciate all that you are doing for the company.
i know the job is challenging but you have stepped up to the plate and made us all proud.
we always try to hire the best and in you we have it!.
thanks for always going the extra mile, it really shows up in your work.
we appreciate all the overtime you have been putting in over the last couple of weeks.
we know its been hard, but it doesn’t go unnoticed, thank you!
you’re always on the lookout for new opportunities within your role and you’re continuously putting these new learnings to use at every chance you get.
this keeps our company moving forward, thank you!
thank you for always being so reliable, we can always count on you to be there and that’s pretty special!
you always pull through for your team, for that we thank you!
i appreciate you and the work you do for our company!
thanks for taking the initiative in learning new skills.
these have really taken your contributions to another level of excellence.
we appreciate this.
being good at your job is often more than just doing a good job.
it also requires teamwork and self-discipline, all of which you have mastered.
we needed someone to step up and you did just that, thank you!
you've been a member of a team contributing immensely to their progress.
happy 10th work anniversary.
don't stop the great work.
your strong will, ideas, strengths and dedication have produced a lot of positive results for your company directly and the world indirectly.
happy 10 years work anniversary.
the success of a company has you in its story.
for ten years, you've given yourself to their worthy course.
for the changes you've caused, for the efforts you've given and for the service you've offered, money can't appease.
it's always nice working with you.
we are sure your company is proud of you.
we know you are greater than anyone can ever know.
people like you in the team inspire other members of the team.
people like you make the future of the company to be bright.
it may not be time to leave yet, but whether you leave or not, your contributions would never be forgotten.
as you further your career, may excellence be your mark.
may you do the best ever seen.
one thing learned from you is your attitude towards teamwork.
your attitude, actions, words, and performance have affected lives in positive ways.
you are an asset.
you have been an inspiration and motivation to many.
you have proven the power of your presence.
10 years of service where every day you are a blessing is not easy.
but you did it.
should you not be thanked for adding value to a brand?
because you deserve it, i wish you a happy 10th work anniversary.
today marks 10 years of your drive and passion.
today reflects what responsibility you handle.
the beauty of your time in office is that you have proven yourself worthy of any office you aspire to.
.
you have artistically shown us that skill is beautiful.
keep being a model.
are you going to stay at your company for 2050 more years?
you're the best they've ever had.
your creativity is topnotch.
your efforts are great.
and you've helped a team with these resources.
you've completed 10 years at work.
i wish you complete more.
giving a company a part of you is something no one deserves, and you did it for a decade.
thank you for all the hard work you put in daily!
know that it is recognized and greatly appreciated
thank you for stepping in and saving the day in this difficult project!
so glad we have you onboard
thanks for being so dedicated and hardworking!
is there anything i can do to make your life better in the office?
your presentation was awesome!
thank you for helping me out with this past action.
nice job!
the way you took the lead in a situation that you do is perfect.
it’s been such a pleasure working with you.
we know its been hard, but it doesn’t go unnoticed.
this keeps our company moving forward.
i am constantly impressed by your performance.
thank you for your hard work!
thank you for using your remarkable talents and skills to fuel our mutual efforts.
i’m amazed by how you maintain your performance while taking on even more work.
you’re a superstar!
a reliable employee is the best gift a leader can ask for.
thank you for being someone i can rely on.
your excellent performance is an inspiration to all.
your hard work and dedication is an example to everyone on our team!
thank you for being your best every day!
it’s a great relief for any leader to have a team member who manages themselves.
your effort is deeply, deeply appreciated.
i’m so grateful for all of your hard work.
it definitely hasn’t gone unnoticed!
only an exemplary employee inspires his boss on a daily basis.
you are that employee.
thank you for setting such a great example for everyone in our company!
your dedication to your work is helping lead us to success!
the perfect employee lifts others instead of pushing them down.
thank you for being a positive influence!
i’m so grateful that you always take the time to help your coworkers.
it’s really made our team come together.
thank you for being such a team player.
we wouldn’t be the same without you!
your unique perspective adds so much to our team.
we’re so grateful to have you with us!
team members are always talking about your hard work and helpful attitude.
thank you for being such an amazing role model!
your hard work and commitment helped us complete our project on time.
I’m so grateful to have you with us!
thank you for going above and beyond to help us achieve our goal.
we wouldn’t have made it without you!
your extraordinary attention to detail took this project to another level!
you did a fantastic job helping our team reach its goal.
thank you for setting such a fantastic example!
our project wouldn’t have been the same without your invaluable insight and creativity!
the office is a happier place with you in it.
thanks for the laughs!
i love that you always come to work with a bright smile and a fantastic attitude!
your sense of humor makes coming to work an absolute delight.
thank you for keeping our spirits high!
you never fail to make everyone’s day better when you’re here!
i’ve noticed that you always make an effort to encourage your coworkers.
thank you for being such a positive force on our team!
you’ve been crushing your personal goals lately.
awesome job!
i’m so happy that your dedication has paid off in a big way.
your enthusiasm for developing your talents is truly inspirational.
watching you strive to improve has been an inspiration for both the entire team and me.
you’re amazing!
you’ve worked so hard to get where you are.
congratulations on your well-earned reward!
it’s been so great working with you this year.
i look forward to many more years to come!
you never do just a good job when you can do a great one.
thank you for the time and effort you put into everything you do!
we’ve made it to another employee appreciation day—and it’s just another chance for us to express how grateful we are for your first-rate work!
from day one, your work has always been amazingly high quality.
so thrilled to have you with us!
i don’t know how we could have made it through this year without you!
happy workplace anniversary!
the office kitchen is always spotless after you’ve been there!
thank you for keeping it so clean.
i’m so grateful that you’re not afraid to ask questions!
it helps me be a better leader.
your desk is so beautifully decorated!
it always brightens my day whenever i walk by it.
i love that you make such insightful comments during meetings.
it makes my job a lot easier!
thank you for always speaking up in team meetings and providing a unique perspective
amazing job on that project — i really mean it.
i wanted to say thank you for helping me get this promotion.
our company is lucky to have you.
i feel the most prepared to tackle the unknown when i know that you'll be on my team!"
you all are the best."
we appreciate your time and everything that you've done to keep this company running smoothly."
also, i will always be grateful for your encouragement when i was thinking of quitting.
you're renowned for your decisionmaking and respected for your impeccable reasoning skills.
i know you'll continue to flourish.
as i move on to the next chapter of my career, know that you have my sincerest gratitude for pushing me to be the best i can be.
i hope i get to work with you again in the future!"
your help and guidance have done so much for me."
i will recall our time together fondly.
dear colleagues, i couldn’t have achieved great success without your support and help.
thank you for influencing my life and helping me become a better and more skilled employee.
i hope we stay in touch!
accept my heartfelt gratitude for your understanding and support during this difficult time.
many thanks for making me something out of nothing.
i hope that our friendship will continue for years to come!
i will forever be grateful.
i hope that we continue to stay in touch after we part ways.
thanks for the incredible memories
these past five years have flown by, and i can't believe they are coming to an end.
i sure hope there's someone at my new job who can energize me in the morning as you have.
otherwise, i'm going to need to start drinking coffee again.
hope to work together again someday.
i'm sad to announce that i will be leaving for a new job.
it was a really hard decision, mainly because it meant parting ways with all of you.
i am grateful i was able to work with every one of you.
we had a special team that i am going to miss.
it was a pleasure getting to know you.
i especially loved our mid-afternoon coffee breaks.
i can't wait to see where you end up in your career.
good things are in store for you.
just because i'm leaving this job doesn't mean this friendship needs to end.
i can't wait to get together for dinner and catch up.
thanks for supporting me as i searched for this new opportunity.
i wouldn't have gotten through all of those interviews without your coaching.
i'm so sad we won't be working together anymore.
what an amazing gift that brings back the memories of great times shared!
you have no idea how much this gift brightens my day and brings me joy.
i can never thank you enough for the kind gesture.
thank you so much for the thoughtful card and gift.
i can't wait to display them both in my home.
dear team: you all didn't need to chip in for this wonderful baby stroller.
i'm so happy you were able to make it to my birthday party.
it was so much fun getting to hang out with you outside of work.
i also wanted to thank you for the awesome gift!
i am so grateful you were able to come to my wedding and join in on the celebrations.
i was just telling a friend how much i needed a new pen you know how particular i get about my pens!, so thank you for finding me the perfect one.
it was so generous.
thanks for embodying the company name spirit!
the way you commanded the room at last week's meeting was something else.
the way you care for this company as if it were your own is amazing.
you are going to make a great leader someday.
i can't wait to see what new challenges you continue to take on.
i'm proud to be your boss.
i can't believe how much i've grown over the past year, and it's all thanks to you.
i can't wait to see where this next year takes me.
thanks for being a great boss.
you've set the bar high in terms of bosses.
i always know i can come to you with any issues and you'll have my back.
i hope to someday be like you—someone who really cares about their team and advocates for them on a daily basis.
i'm so grateful you're my manager.
i really appreciate you putting me up for that promotion!
i'm so excited to take on more responsibility.
thank you for believing i could do it.
i just wanted to say thank you for letting me take that personal time last week to deal with some family issues.
i'm lucky to have a boss who is understanding when personal issues arise.
my friends are all jealous that i have a boss like you.
it's rare to work for someone who will always go to bat for you.
it was such a nice surprise to find out i received a raise!
i promise to continue to work hard and bring my best self to work.
i feel so much more confident in my role after our talk.
thanks for giving me the pep talk i needed.
here’s to those who inspire you and don’t even know it.
thank you for being an important part of my story.
let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
you are the best because you brought out the best in us.
at times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person.
each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
so many people have touched my heart and made an impact on my world.
i’m thankful for every lesson and learning experience.
individual commitment to a group effort: that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
a mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself.
the best place to work is a place where you can be your best.
it is amazing what colleagues tell you about the inefficiencies and about what works and what doesn't.
it is a real-life check on our ideas.
my peers and colleagues inspire me.
thank you for building my career
thank you for everything i have ever learned from you, you are the one who has shaped my career
thank you messages for colleagues when leaving
i have learned a lot when working with you; i know you will be successful wherever you go.
keep in touch!
i wish you the best of luck wherever you go.
we are dearly going to miss you; we wish you the best of luck in your new appointment.
thank you for your support and guidance.
i am going to miss you here.
we would love to follow you.
stay in touch!
thanks for everything you do around here.
this place wouldn’t be the same without you.
happy work anniversary to the nicest coworker anyone could ask for!
another year of excellence!
thanks for all the amazing work you do.
your effort and enthusiasm are much needed, and very much appreciated.
from all of us… happy anniversary!
thank you for your hard work, your generosity, and your contagious enthusiasm.
we appreciate your energy, your kindness, and all the work you do, but most of all, we just appreciate you!
i couldn’t let your work anniversary pass without sending my best wishes.
how lucky am i to work with someone i can truly call a friend?
happy anniversary to an employee who has made invaluable contributions to this company.
now get back to work!
congrats on surviving another year at your job.
lesser mortals would have gone insane by now.
happy work anniversary to a coworker who has many talents, including the spooky ability to sense when there are donuts in the break room.
don’t you dare think about taking another job – but if you do, please take me with you.
congrats on another year of thankless work.
it’s taking them much longer than expected to bleed you dry.
people like you make this company what it is.
and i mean that in a good way – really!
good colleagues are those who are easy to approach and difficult to blame.
thanks for being one.
even though there are a few skills that i still lack, i’m not afraid because i know you are a colleague who’s always got my back.
i look forward to the moment when it is time to retire.
not because i am tired of working with you, but because i can’t wait to enjoy spending time with you outside the office… not just as colleagues but as best friends.
without you, our targets would go for a toss and i would be at a heavy loss.
thanks for behaving like a colleague, even though you are my boss.
i owe my promotion less to my qualifications and more to the support of helpful colleagues like you.
i don’t mind taking risks because i know that colleagues like you will always be there to catch me if i fall.
thanks for your support.
your energy and enthusiasm are the toughest benchmarks to beat at work.
thanks for being the life of the workplace.
good colleagues are those who understand those team goals are more important than egos.
you gave me all the things i did not get from my education – determination, motivation and inspiration.
thanks for being a colleague and a teacher, two in one.
work seems like a nightmare to some, but it is a dream come true for me… thanks to colleagues like you.
you showed me patience instead of anger, guidance instead of annoyance and understanding instead of intolerance.
thanks for being so supportive.
i never face monday morning blues, because of fun colleagues like you.
what goes around, comes around – i don’t know if this really happens but if it does, you are going to have a lot of success in your life because that is what you have helped me achieve.
i behave as if i hate it when you give me bad feedback.
but deep down inside i appreciate it because i would rather know the truth, even if it is nasty and blunt.
thanks for your honesty.
your guidance has catapulted me in a whole new professional league.
i am lucky to have you as my trusty colleague.
i often think of what i would do, if i didn’t have colleagues like you.
i’d get shivers down my spine, i guess, i’d never stop to whine.
i don’t compete with you for anything except being a better colleague to you than what you have been to me.
thank you for being such an inspiration.
more than being proud of working for an extraordinary company, i am proud of working with an extraordinary colleague like you.
thanks for making my work life truly extraordinary.
you are the kind of colleague every professional want.
you are the kind of employee every company wants.
you are the kind of boss every employee wants.
you, my dear colleague… are truly the all in one package.
my monthly targets looked sky high, just thinking about it made me cry.
i really thought i would die, but you helped me soar and fly.
thank you for brightening up each and every day, with your hilarious pranks and funny ways.
if you were my boss instead of my colleague, work would be so much more fun, i say.
ideal and idol… both these words are the perfect prefixes to the word colleague when it comes to you.
i don’t how i can show enough appreciation, to a coworker who has given me so much motivation.
thanks, for being such an inspiration.
my biggest professional asset is not my experience or educational background – it is a mix of the skills and street smartness i have learned from you.
thanks for being my colleague and my mentor.
i will never change my job because no other company can offer me my favorite perk which i receive here – an amazing colleague like you.
good teamwork is when colleagues realize that working together is the easiest way to be successful.
thanks for diving the point home.
i really appreciate everything you are doing to help the company succeed.
i would like to thank you for being there for me always.
you are the best office staff i have ever worked with.
your positive attitude cheers up the atmosphere in our office environment.
you simply have lots of ideas and talents.
i am looking forward to working more projects with you.
it was so nice of you to help me out.
i really appreciate all that you’ve done and hoped that this card will help me to express all my gratitude.
you have watched over me at work just like parents watch over kids until they can walk by themselves.
thank you for all your help.
i don’t mind taking risks because i know that office staff like you will always be there to catch me if i fall.
dear mate, your help has really made my body and mind both feel healthy.
thanks for your kind assistance.
a perfect employee is the one who motivates his boss as much as his boss motivates him.
thanks for being an inspiration and motivation to me.
mere words can never be enough to admire your actions because your work always meets our expectations.
appreciation is a wonderful thing: it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
your passion is a quality that cannot be learned and an ability that cannot be taught.
i'm humbled and grateful.
i'm touched beyond words.
except, of course, i'm grateful.
you're a blessing to me.
it's much appreciated.
you'd be surprised at how happy this little tradition of ours always makes me.
for all the little and big ways, you've pitched in…thanks!
i can't possibly repay you.
we're so grateful for your help.
please don't hesitate to contact me with any followup questions you might have.
i've had fun getting to know you better, and i've learned so much from talking with you and seeing how you work.
i'm grateful to have had the chance to work with you so closely.
i can't thank you enough for advising me to send my résumé to your colleague dana Evans.
i now have an interview scheduled with her next week to discuss some freelance work, and i'm really excited about the assignment she's describing.
it's only a matter of time that all your efforts will be duly remitted.
thanks for shouldering responsibility and putting the company's interests ahead of your own.
thanks for treating the company's problems as your own.
you are our company's perfect catch and an ideal employee whose performance no one else can match.
your biggest achievement in this company has not just been winning all the contracts but also winning your boss's trust.
i'll bet you didn't think anyone noticed all that you do.
that's why it's important that i take this moment to say thanks so much.
i've been wondering how to thank you for all your hard work.
in business, it's important to find people you can count on.
it's been so busy lately, but there is always time to stop and say thanks for your help.
it's great working with you.
it's time to stop and say thanks for your dedication.
it's your careful attention to detail that makes you so special.
we're better because of you.
words just can't describe how much you are appreciated.
you're an incredible employee and i'm incredibly thankful.
your ‘whatever it takes attitude' has made all the difference in this effort.
we can't say thank you enough.
we wouldn't be whole without you.
you've got a winner's attitude.
your boss thinks you're kind of a big deal.
it is remarkable what a little faith can do, and it is the faith that you've shown in my abilities which have given me the confidence to realize this project.
nothing can do justice to the amount of wisdom and experience that i've drawn from you.
i'd like you to know that none of this has gone unnoticed by the workers, and we are grateful for your kindness, loyalty and commitment to all of us.
i may have changed jobs, but what's not changed are the valuable lessons you've taught me.
you've stood by me in these taxing times, and i can never thank you enough for it.
all i can say is that you've been way more than just a boss, and i'll forever be grateful to you.
it couldn't have come to a more deserving person.
you've worked so hard for this.
you're awesome!
bet you thought no one would notice you've hit your goal 30 days in a row.
well, i did, and i'm impressed.
here's to your streak!
words can't express how proud i am!
celebrating the dedication you've shown on the way to this achievement.
you've earned every bit of the success you're enjoying.
i've got a feeling this is only the beginning of even more great things to come for you!
can't wait to see you make it your own.
i'm sure today will be only the first of many proud moments for you at your new firm.
if Oscars were given for a job well done, i'd nominate you.
it's a pleasure to work with someone who knows how to make a friendly and inspiring work environment.
i'm glad that a position opened up for you that is a great next step in your career.
let's celebrate your success!
there's no one who has worked as hard as you have in the last years.
it's time to hear the success news!
you are destined to make it big, you just didn't know it.
you've worked hard to achieve this promotion, but your efforts were completely worth it.
just wanted to thank you for everything you've done so far for our organization and for the team.
and i'm glad to have you with all of these qualities.
it's your work anniversary today and i couldn't have thought of any better moment than today to appreciate you and wish you good luck for all your future endeavors.
it's nearly half a decade since you've joined us and helped us achieve what seemed impossible with your brilliant expertise.
it's tough to stay put in the same place for a very long time.
however, maybe the word tough wasn't in your dictionary and you have sailed together with us through all the harsh and good times.
your loyalty and hard work can't be remunerated but can be appreciated and motivated.
it's your work anniversary today and i wanted to appreciate you for all your hard work and the loyalty you have shown towards our organization.
it's been almost two decades since you have started working.
it's your work anniversary today and we are thankful for having you with us.
you're special with your own set of skills and your positive attitude towards your work.
that's what you are and we are glad to have someone like you in our workforce.
and there couldn't have been any better time than your work anniversary to express my heartiest gratitude.
filled with a positive vibe, confidence, honesty and fearlessness we couldn't have found anyone better than you for our team.
it's already five years now since the time you started working and we are grateful to you for all your amazing years of work.
and today it's your day of celebration for showing your loyalty and perseverance.
it's a marathon that one needs to keep on running and achieve one milestone after the other.
and believe me, you're one hell of a runner.
can you believe it's almost been three years since you joined our team?
and i'm glad to have found an employee like you.
it's your 13th year work anniversary and i wanted to thank you for everything you did here.
i'm grateful that i found someone like you as one of my employees.
for all these years you have done a lot for the betterment of our organization and we'll always be indebted for all your efforts and hardships.
today i'm looking back to when i first recruited you.
nothing in this world compares to a person's loyalty and dedication towards his or her profession.
it's already been 11 years since we started working as team members.
today it's your 30th work anniversary!
it's always great to see the amazing work you have done!
i'm proud to call you my employee
i can't believe it's your birthday again!
it's your birthday and we have a bottle of champagne in the refrigerator.
i don't say you have to think about it right now, but just keep this in your mind.
on this important day, i wish you to eat as much cake as you can, because only today you'll have a little more minutes to sit and relax.
it's your day, so enjoy all the pleasure that work gives you.
i know that you've been waiting for it for a long time, so here's my birthday present!
in fact, you are one of the biggest parts, so don't worry about your birthday premium.
i love my work not because i'm an employer, but because i have such wonderful employees like you.
hope this day will be easy and you'll find time for your birthday cake.
we are so glad that you are a member of our team, you've done for our company a lot more than we could expect.
we can't imagine the office without you.
you're a wonderful employee and i can't imagine any complicated situation without your call and your sweet calm voice.
today, it's your free day from everything.
you're an unsolved puzzle with one missing detail that would tell everything.
it's all you need, not so much.
it's really nice to know you.
i'm really happy i have such a wonderful employee in my team.
hope this day will be perfect for you and we'll see you happy tomorrow.
it's possible.
hope, you'll also have a good day and let's get started.
our work policy has one exclusive point – celebrate employees' birthdays.
you are the best of the best employees and i'm really happy i've found you.
you're an example showing that hard work takes you places.
you have completed 13 years with our organization, and what a time it's been.
you're an easy going person who understands employees well.
we wouldn't want to say take it easy because we know you're such a workaholic.
we couldn't ask for a better boss.
continue to amaze and make heads turn, you're unstoppable.
as you celebrate your 23rd work anniversary, it's time to reflect on your contributions and achievements, the things that make you unique.
thank you, sir, for being ‘you'.
may all life's blessings be yours, on your birthday and always.
it's a pleasure to work with you and to wish you a happy birthday.
i don't think it would have been possible to achieve the goal without each and every one of your efforts!
even disappointment can't be frustrating when it has to be shared with you bunch!
thank you for trying your best and don't be sad!
i couldn't have asked for better teammates!
i knew i wasn't wrong putting all my trust on you guys!
this deal was very important, i couldn't have cracked it without this teamwork!
thank you for being part of the team, without your cooperation and dedication towards the work we couldn't have pulled the work together!
it wasn't possible to crack the deal if each and every one of you didn't cooperate and pulled off great teamwork!
hip hip hurrah!
but it's sweeter when it achieved through coordination, cooperation collaboration.
i hope you guys know that our competitors lacked a dream team like yours that's why they could not get the deal.
thank you for not only your good work but also for all the support you have given each other throughout the project, that's what makes the team stronger!
it was impossible to achieve the goals without everyone's full effort and willingness!
i'm really proud to be part of this team.
you guys have once again proved that a company's success is a joint effort by a good team and not just a good leader.
i'm looking forward to seeing the direction in which you are going to take your upcoming projects.
i don't know the right words to say thank you, but i do know the right reward for you guys.
even failure can't be disappointing when it has to be shared with hard-working team members like you.
if we didn't work together like a swarm of bees, we would have never achieved success as sweet as honey.
they're done by a team of people.
cowards say it can't be done, critics say it shouldn't have been done, creator say well done.
it's your dedication that contributed to our success.
didn't think anyone noticed you staying back late at the office.
an employee's hard work is the fuel to great company culture.
i'll bet you didn't think if anyone was watching you while you invested those extra hours.
it's the vision of employees like you who turn desired plans into success.
however, this won't stop me from telling how valuable you have become for us now.
your good work is commendable and i'm proud to have you as my colleague.
it's hard to imagine our team without you.
to be honest, i'm envious of your talents.
but i'm privileged to have you as my colleague.
bestowing you with appreciation words isn't enough in front of everything you have done for us so far.
here's a coupon for your favorite spa and massage center!
your reluctance to fail, your desire to persist, all the while keeping a smile on your face defines our company's culture to remain positive even in the face of adversity.
you've got a winner's attitude!
you clearly don't let problems limit you.
your ability to listen to others' ideas with concern and an open mind creates an environment of mutual respect where relationships flourish.
it's about being able to manage people, tasks, and resources without losing your cool.
it's about time your contribution is duly rewarded.
we thank you for all the new tools that you've equipped us with over the years.
i was really overwhelmed by my work, i don't know what i would have done if it was not your help.
here's to let you know how much we are appreciating your support in this project.
i'm grateful for all of your help and continued support.
i'm so grateful that someone is thinking about my wellbeing and career.
i have learned so much from you, and i'm so appreciative of all the time you've taken to teach me new things.
being new in this unknown city and working with strangers wouldn't have been easy, if you were not there.
life doesn't just throw the things to you that you desire most.
you have proved once again that you're worthy of all the big things in life.
you're the most brilliant person i have ever known.
it's a great pleasure for me whenever i see you achieving the things that i never believed you could.
it's just the beginning!
i always knew you'd accomplish big things in life.
you're doing just perfect on your way of becoming a legend.
you've don't it again just like i told you would.
i'm happier than anyone else right now.
i'm so happy that your talent and hard work have finally been rewarded.
i'd also like to thank the award committee to finally finding the hidden gem in the box!
it would have been an injustice if such a brilliant person like you wasn't rewarded for all of his great contributions!
you didn't just take the award home with you.
it's a piece of happy news for all of us to know that you're getting promoted.
we all hope that you'll make a leader someday.
there's no better way of completing graduation than with a distinction.
you've made us all proud.
we're proud to have a coworker like you in our team who came along with his talents and commitment on this day.
you're the role model of a perfect employee who listens to everything with tolerance, observes everything with compassion and speaks with love.
it seems as if you joined yesterday and today it's one year.
but I'd like to work with such a nice coworker for more working years.
you've brilliantly proved that you're an essential part of our organization.
if there is a colleague like you, i don't care of monday morning blues.
you've turned the workplace and working strategy into great fun.
it's another year down of tolerating you and looking ahead for many more years to be passed working with you.
all these years you've been our guiding star with your unlimited patience, generous attitude and supportive nature.
today's achievement of this organization is only possible for your supreme leadership, inspiring support, dedication and passion.
it's our honor to work under your supervision.
you're a great coworker who makes the workplace out of boredom.
impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools where you're such a clever one.
i'm so proud of your achievement and wish you continued success.
your promotion doesn't come as a surprise to me.
i'm happy to see you achieve your ambition!
don't let the promotion joy spoil your enthusiasm for working hard… keep up the good work!
but don't worry because your wife will always be there to lighten them up.
i'm so proud of your achievement and wish you continued success!
heard you've promoted and all these are true blessings.
you've worked hard for it and earned it fair and square.
the company has realized it's potential candidates who well deserve the next career stage in their life.
i'm happy to see you achieve your ambition.
i'm so proud of you.
so here's wishing you a great future on your achievement.
you are one of those great people who doesn't wait for opportunities to come and knock on their door but step out to look for them.
if Oscars were given for a job well done, i'd nominate you!
i suppose if you've never bitten your nails, there isn't any way to explain the habit.
it's not enjoyable, really, but there is a certain satisfaction – pride in a job well done.
you succeeded because you didn't have any.
you have proved that lack of experience in a job doesn't matter when there is a strong urge for excellence and perfection.
this message is to recognize your contribution to the team's success.
but i'm not such kind of fool who doesn't have the eyes to see the progress.
we've always taken great pleasure to see your enthusiasm for work you do.
work hard and give it all you've got.
everything you've done in your career as a result of your resilience, hard work and persistence.
if you start the week with a positive attitude on Monday, it'll be a lot easier to fight off negativity the rest of the week.
how many Mondays have been and gone since you said i'll start next week?
it's Monday, so choose to be happy and be yourself.
if other people don't like it, let them be.
no day is monday or saturday itself, it's your attire that lets you choose to excel or retreat.
you can't start the next chapter of your life if you just keep rereading the last one.
yes, it's monday.
i'm happy.
yes, i'm blessed.
i'm going to do amazing things this week.
you can't change what happened last week but you can learn from it and choose happiness this week.
i welcome that exciting prospect and feel to say to the lord, humbly, 'give me this mountain' give me these challenges.
we can't direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
it doesn't matter how many mistakes you make or how slow your progress is.
you will still always be way ahead of everyone else who isn't even trying.
hey i know it's monday but it's also a new day, a new week, and in that lies a new opportunity for something special to happen.
as long as there's a dream, there is hope.
as long as there's hope, there is joy in living.
monday mean a new day with new hopes new goals so don't take tension and be ready!
courage doesn't always roar.
sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says i'll try again tomorrow.
in god's eyes, love is never absent.
don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.
don't wish a life without troubles, instead, ask for the strength to face troubles that come your way.as a wounded warrior is superior to a healthy coward!
and we'll change the world.
promise me you'll always remember: you're braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
and once the storm is over, you won't remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive.
you won't even be sure whether the storm is really over.
when you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in.
that's what this storm's all about.
life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you; they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
when you are whole, you offer a whole load more to any relationship that you form and are much more likely to encourage the right kind of people into your life because you won't accept less.
because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don't want it badly enough.
they're there to stop the other people.
if you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
put yourself in a state of mind where you say to yourself, 'here is an opportunity for me to celebrate like never before, my own power, my own ability to get myself to do whatever is necessary'.
if you don't wake up right now with your full might, you will never be able to achieve that dream you saw last night.
don't complain about yesterday.
opportunities in life are like the sunrise, if you miss it, you won't be able to see it again, so, grab the right opportunity coming your way, good morning!
good morning is not just a word, it's an action and a belief to live the entire day well.
don't blame god for not showering you with gifts.
it's a new day, there should be new determination, a new desire, and a new will, to succeed this day, good morning and have a nice day!
don't wake up with the regret of what you couldn't accomplish yesterday.
if it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning.
and if it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
in the morning i say, ‘ah, i am alive still!'
all my friends die already.
do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
you've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
it's really admirable how you always see projects through from conception to completion.
it's amazing how you always help new employees get up to speed.
just when i thought your work couldn't get any better!
i couldn't imagine working without you!
there's no other way to say it: we'd be lost without you.
you're so great to work with.
it's incredible how thorough your work is.
you're really good at cheering everybody up!
is there anything you can't do?
you are one of the most reliable employees i've ever had.
it's amazing how you're always able to overcome any obstacle thrown your way.
to be honest, i'm jealous of your talents.
i can't believe how lucky i am to have a great employee like you.
what's your secret?
i know i've been busy lately, but i just had to tell you what a great employee you are.
you play a crucial role in our company's success.
it's so obvious how you pay attention to detail.
it's honestly hard to explain how integral you are to this team.
it's incredible how often you go above and beyond.
i couldn't live with myself if i didn't tell you how much you mean to this company.
things have definitely been crazy lately, but you're crushing it!
from finding me a date to being a motivating workmate, you have been the best buddy.
thanks for everything.
i am going to make a suggestion to linkedin to let me vote for my favorite colleague and if that ever gets implemented, its inaugural recipient will be you.
thank you for an awesome coworker.
i am not sure if my best friend can fill the shoes of my best colleague at work.
but i am sure that you – my best colleague can easily fill the shoes of my best friend.
i am so honored to your trust, i assure you that you can count on me.
i appreciate your skills and attitude to work.
it seems like there will be no problem that you can't solve.
you're simply the best.
i can't wait to retire because i can't wait to end our professional relationship and enjoy our out-of-work friendship.
thanks for being a friend first, a colleague second.
i consider myself very fortunate for having a chance to work with an expert of your caliber.
working with you was a great learning experience for me.
i really value the knowledge and insight you have.
i don't care when and where i retire, all i know is that i want you at my retirement party because your inspirational influence has shaped my career.
i don't compete with you for anything except being a better colleague to you than what you have been to me.
i don't how i can show enough appreciation, to a coworker who has given me so much motivation.
thanks for being such an inspiration.
i have worked hard to get a promotion but deep down inside i know that i wouldn't have got it without the selfless support of a coworker like you.
thanks, mate.
i never have coffee at work because your bubbly personality is all the caffeine i ever need to kickstart my day.
i want to express my deep appreciation for the help and support you have offered me on my recent project.
i feel so grateful to you for taking time out of your busy schedule to answer so many questions.
without your help, i would not have been able to complete the project in such a proficient and timely manner.
thanks for your help with the presentation.
if the company's management allocated 1 of their budget more to hire efficient colleagues like you, i am sure they would get 99 more productivity and results.
thanks for being a fantastic colleague.
it is always nice to work with a well-envisioned colleague.
your positive energy radiates into us.
i am so grateful.
thanks for making my work life extraordinary.
most of my ideas work not just because they are creative, but because they are supported and endorsed by colleagues like you.
thanks a lot.
my biggest professional asset is not my past experience or educational background – it is a mix of the skills and street smartness i have learned from you.
my devotion to my work intensifies a lot for you have always encouraged me.
my monthly target looked sky high.
i thought i would die.
but you helped me and made me fly.
my vacation wasn't awesome because of the exotic destination, but because it was free of any professional interruption.
thanks for filling in for me.
ordinary colleagues come and go.
but when a special colleague comes by, you just know.
thanks for being my special colleague.
regarding my work, i hate it when you give me bad feedback upfront.
but deep down inside i appreciate it because i would rather know the truth even if it is blunt.
thanks for biting the bitter pill.
thank you, dear colleague, for the support and long term working rapport you have shared with me.
i really appreciate our working term and your help throughout my work and extend my good wishes for your future
thank you for making me realized that i can be a better worker.
you consider me, not just a colleague, but a friend.
thanks a lot dearest colleague for your support and help in the demo project.
i gladly appreciate your effort and extend my thankful wishes for your effort in the same.
thanks for always watching my back, and cutting me some slack when i goof up at work because of a few skills that i lack.
the great role you have been playing in my life is immeasurable.
i'm grateful for all your help and continued support.
the biggest advantage of working with fun colleagues like you is that i don't feel like i am working at all.
thanks for bringing smiles on the faces of all your coworkers.
the soft board in my cubicle has pictures of my family and best friends.
the soft board at my home has pictures of my favorite colleagues including you.
thanks for treating me like family at work.
what goes around, comes around – i don't know if this really happens but if it does, you are going to have a lot of success in your professional life, because that is what you have helped me get.
with a colleague like you around, overtime is not just about extra work and long hours but extra fun and long gossip sessions too.
thanks for adding your magic touch to my otherwise boring and dull worklife.
word has it that the boss is presenting us gifts.
i guess the fatso finally woke up from his slumber and saw our work.
i appreciate your effort partner.
working with you has been the turning point of my career.
you are not just an ideal colleague, you are also a colleague who is my idol.
thanks for being such a big inspiration in my life.
you are the kind of boss every worker wants.
thanks for adding value to our team by being the all-in-one package.
you gave me all the things i did not get from my education including determination, motivation and inspiration.
thanks for being a colleague and a teacher – two in one.
you have set a very high benchmark.
i don't think any other will be able to match the kind of inspiration you bring to work every morning.
you have truly inspired me to work with sincerity and dedication.
i am looking forward to implementing all of your valuable suggestions.
thanks for being a supportive colleague.
your efforts will forever be appreciated.
because of you, i am more dictated to my work.
your feedback, your criticism, and your opinions hold more value for me than from anyone else in the office.
thanks for always wishing the best for me.
your good purpose and vision motivate us to work harder.
it is a pleasure working for you.
your guidance and help have catapulted me in a different professional league.
your presence in the office brings stability, your knowledge and skills make work happen flawlessly.
thanks for being the brain of boardroom meetings, the hands of workplace policies, the legs that take the team forward and the life of office parties.
when you look back at your career, the highlights will never be the awards and promotions… but the people you've worked with.
thanks for being a fantastic highlight in mine.
whether it is the end of the year or monthly review, i have nothing to fear when i have colleagues like you.
i don't care if the computers, printers, scanners, and copiers can breakdown.
as long as you are up and about, i have nothing to worry about.
if the company's management allocated 1 of their budget more to hire efficient employees like you, i am sure they would get 99 more productivity and results.
in life, you can put a price tag on just about everything, expect people who pulled you up when you were down and helped you get where you wanted to be.
thanks for being one such person in my life.
even though there are a few skills that i still lack, I'm not afraid because i know you are a colleague who's always got my back.
thanks for being such a joy to work with.
a best friend may or may not be a good colleague, but vice-versa is possible.
thanks for being more than a friend and a colleague.
good colleagues are those who know that we is more powerful than me.
you watched over me just like how parents watch over their toddlers until they can walk by themselves.
thanks for all your help.
i know have worked hard to get a promotion, but deep down inside i also know that i wouldn't have got it without the support of colleagues like you.
not because i am tired of working with you, but because i can't wait to enjoy spending time with you outside the office… not just as colleagues but as best friends.
most of my ideas work, not just because they are creative, but because they are supported and endorsed by colleagues who are supportive.
the boss might value your skills and knowledge, but i value your smiles and support.
i don't mind taking risks because i know that colleagues like you will always be there to catch me if i fall.
your bubbly personality is all the caffeine i ever need to kickstart the day every morning.
what goes around, comes around – i don't know if this really happens but if it does, you are going to have a lot of success in your life because that is what you have helped me achieve.
i often think of what i would do, if i didn't have colleagues like you.
i'd get shivers down my spine, i guess, i'd never stop to whine.
here's to let you know how much your support has helped move our project forward.
i am so fortunate to have worked with the most efficient team this company has ever seen.
i sincerely thank you all for being the best colleagues i ever worked with in my entire life.
i just want you to know how much i really appreciate everything you have done to make this department successful.
thank you for the awesome teamwork, dear officemates!
we're soaring to greater heights because of our collective effort.
thank you for your guidance and support throughout my employment.
you are simply the best coworkers in the world.
how i wish all office colleagues are as good as you.
thank you for never letting the team down.
to the best office team ever, thank you very much!
we have achieved a lot of goals together.
I will never forget you even as i move on to another phase of my career.
from internship to training, and now i am a regular employee, i thank you all for the help and guidance.
i would not have made it this far without you.
your work ethics and guidance helped me make achieve this promotion.
thank you for the inspiration and encouragement to not give up.
i am so grateful for having the best colleagues in the world.
we've been through thick and thin together.
i know that we can reach more goals together.
let's do it!
thank you for being my helping hand when i needed it the most.
you are, indeed, the best office colleagues in the world.
because of you, working in the office becomes the best part of my day.
thank you for brightening up the work environment.
you are a gem!
i am very thankful for the support you have given through the years we have worked together.
you are my champion!
facing Monday mornings is such a breeze because of office colleagues like you.
it makes the work week more tolerable.
seeing weirdos like you make me feel at home in the workspace.
i know i am in the right place because i work with colleagues as quirky as you are.
i am so thankful, i really am!
i just want you to know how thankful i am for having the craziest bunch of officemates in the world.
you truly make work seem like playtime.
you are the most incredible coworker.
you have made my work easier.
thank you for your time and effort.
i wanted to say thank you for helping me get this job.
God bless you.
i am lucky to have you as my mentor, thank you for everything you have shown me to
i am so honored to your trust; you can always count on me.
i appreciate the support you have always given me
you have shown the best ways to achieve results.
you are the best work colleague i have ever worked with
thank you for helping me develop my skills at work, i am so lucky to have you as my colleagues.
when i thought of quitting, when i had lost hope, you came to my aid, you game me moral support and encouraged me.
thank you for your support and all that you have done for me.
thank you for believing in me and assigning me this task.
i will never let you down and i will forever be grateful to you.
i am grateful to have you as a colleague.
you have really supported my career
thank you for always pushing me to heights i have never reached.
you are such an amazing colleague.
it was not you, i not have been where i am today.
i take this opportunity to thank you for your support and care you have given me while working together.
the role you have played in my life is invaluable.
i am so thankful for all of your help and continued support.
i just want to let you know that you have been my inspiration and mentor at work.
it's always nice to work with a colleague with a vision.
your positive energy radiates into us!
thank you for being such a wonderful colleague.
my turning point in terms of career is when i started working with you.
i am so grateful i have someone i can always count on.
you have really opened my mind and shaped my career.
you have made me to be an open-minded person.
you are the reason as a company we have achieved this much.
i am honored to work with a team full of professionals and who are ambitious.
you have continued to show tremendous growth in every way.
there is so much that i have learned from you.
thank you for being the best colleagues ever.
dear colleagues, my work would not have been that easy if it were not your support.
thank you for your constant support.
good colleagues are those are helpful and very easy to approach.
thank you for your guidance and support during my employment in this company.
you are the best coworkers in the world.
thank you for making the workplace an amazing place.
you are more than a colleague; you are also my best friend.
thank you for your support and time.
thank you for your support and for helping me out.
i have managed to learn a lot of things and find my way.
it can't give the exact number on how many times you have supported me.
your encouragement and support have played a key role in my work.
it is a pleasure working with you.
thank you for your guidance and support.
i have learned a lot from you.
i never knew i would make it.
i am totally overwhelmed by your support.
thank you for your support at work.
when i came to work on my first day i had no idea where to start, if it were not of you, i don't know if i would have made it through.
i am really humbled to have colleagues like you.
dear colleagues, i just want to let you know how much it means to for me to work with you every day.
you are the best and i can't stop thanking you.
thank you, colleagues, the support that i have received from you is so much, even if i was to repay each one you, i can never finish.
i will always be thankful to you.
i have always enjoyed working with you on the first day.
thank you for making me feel comfortable and thank you for your support at work; you are really a great coworker.
i would not be here doing this work if it was not your support and encouragement.
i would have given up a long time ago.
thank you, colleague, for your support!
thank you for covering up for me when i was away.
you are not only my colleague but my best friend and mentor.
i am grateful for everything that you have taught me.
i am so grateful to have a good colleague like you.
i appreciate all that you have done for me.
i never thought i would find a colleague like you.
you are more than a colleague but best friend.
I'm grateful for all the ways you make life at work so much better.
you bring out the best in others.
I've learned so much working for you.
my success is due, in part, to your guidance and advice.
it means so much to know you have faith in me and my abilities.
thanks for being the best boss ever!
awesome job on that project!
I really admire you.
your talents and hard work make things run a lot smoother around here.
glad you're part of our team.
I've learned so much from working with you.
you make work a nicer place to be.
you've made this year a huge success.
thanks for your great work on this project.
you make my job so much easier.
thank you for your dedication and talent.
I've noticed what a great job you've been doing lately.
you make our workplace a great place!
I'm so grateful to be working with you.
thanks for being a loyal, longterm customer.
i'm always here if you have any questions.
you're so easy to work with.
thanks for putting your trust in me.
please keep me in mind for future projects.
thanks for being a good listener even if my problems aren't the type that you can solve.
thanks for being the type of coworker who cares about relationships with others more than showing off to the bosses.
you are one of the most productive people at work and many times you do things that help me be more productive.
you deserve a promotion, and if i ever get one it's because of your help.
thank you team, for the wedding gifts.
the shower was a nice surprise.
the kitchen utensils are wonderful and will be helpful once we are married and cooking our own food.
we've been spoiled by our mothers!
the gifts you choose for us are perfect.
we will enjoy list out the gifts here.
we appreciate your generosity as we start our life together!
my husband and i thank you for the wedding money.
we will use it towards a dining room table set.
we hope to see you all at the wedding!
thank you for the food processor and blender set.
i am excited to use them for food prep and making the dressing.
it was very nice of you all to contribute towards gifts for us!
thank you for the wedding shower and gifts.
the cake was great and we love the flannel sheets.
also, thank you to all of you for covering my work while we are on the honeymoon!
i am excited to try out cloth diapers when the baby comes.
i had no idea there were so many different brands.
thank you for providing a wide selection.
i will try them all to see which ones baby and i like best.
thank you for the pack and play.
this will be wonderful to have when we visit family.
i'm happy to work on such a generous team!
the little toys are cute too!
the outfits for the twins are adorable!
i love the colors and that you found cute stuff for boy-girl twins.
thank you so much!
thank you for the baby gifts.
the toys are interactive which seems like a good thing these days.
thank you for your support as my husband and i begin a new chapter in life with our first baby!
thanks for the stroller.
i plan to walk every day once the baby comes.
is that realistic?
we can have baby chats once i return to work!
thanks again!
thank you for the support i have received from you so far.
getting a colleague like you is a fortune.
thank is not the appropriate word for showing my gratitude to you for all the support i have received from you both professionally and personally.
but, what to do, i'm not a writer.
love you, bro.
your association made this boring workplace a fun place.
thanks, dear, I am going to miss you a lot.
without your support, it would not have been possible to achieve the target.
it's your guidance and encouragement that has helped me achieve my targets on time.
this recognition and reward belong to you.
we work as a team and each one of us is important in this.
thanks for all the support and your kind association.
while working with you guys, i never had the feeling of being in office.
i always felt like i am in college, working on a project with friends.
thanks for all the support guys.
after working with you, i have started believing in teamwork.
thanks for all the support.
thank you, thank you, thank you and thank you for all the support.
i can't express my gratitude in words.
all i can say is that you are the one who deserves this recognition.
once again, thanks a lot.
the office becomes a fun place when there is a colleague like you.
you are supportive, motivator as well as a friend.
from the bottom of my heart, i want to thank you for all the support i have received from you.
though it is my last day in the office it is not the last thank you message to you dear friend.
colleagues play an important role in making the office environment positive and lively.
i am fortunate that i have a colleague of a similar attitude.
healthy competition enhances work output and creativity.
we were competitive but in a positive direction.
i thank you for the kind of growth i have received at this place.
my new office is great.
i love this place but i miss you.
with you guys, i used to feel like being at home.
thanks for giving me such a good time.
i want to say thanks to all of you for accepting me in your team so warmly.
it didn't feel i'm at a new place even for a moment.
your help and guidance made my work easier.
i thank you for everything.
you are the best colleague.
thanks for being so competitive or i would have not learned many things which this competition has taught me.
you are my best friend, this everyone knows.
but you are a better colleague than a friend, let me tell this to everyone.
thanks for being with me and teaching me all the good things.
you gave me so much good time, that now it is becoming difficult for me to adjust to the new office.
but you have also taught me how to adapt to the new environment along with many things.
thanks for all the love, support, and learnings.
a new face in the office, fighting to prove, adjusting to things when getting a hand of friendship, there is nothing more helpful.
it is all because of your support, I am here.
I want to say today to my best pal and colleague 'you are a champ and a leader'
with you, my productivity increases to 100 percent.
"the office should also thank you."
when everyone was pulling me down, you extended your hand and lifted me.
from the depth of my heart, I want to "thank you" for everything.
a few skills I still lack but I am not scared.
I know you are always at my back.
thanks for supporting me every time.
you are a leader and you know we are always more powerful than me.
thanks for teaching me this skill.
thinking is hard work, and so I let you think on my behalf whilst I do the smart work.
thanks for feeding me during the office.
I feel starved, the day you remain absent.
you and your life's principle that says "work is life" is the reason for my lean body.
I don't think I will put on weight until you are my colleague.
when I joined this job I was 80 kgs, after one year, now my weight is 50 kg.
I don't know what will happen to me until my retirement.
but anyway, thanks for improving my health.
it's not a problem for me that you don't work.
the issue is you don't let me work as well. thanks for your suggestion "don't work and don't let others work too.
and then work a little and receive appreciation."
you are the brain of board meetings, the life of the office party and back of me.
you are the best colleague and more a friend.
you are blessed with the art of bringing the best out of anyone.
I am fortunate to have you as my colleague.
we became colleagues by chance, a coworker by choice and we become friends because of our attitude toward work-related challenges.
I don't like my office but I love my colleague, this is not letting me quit this job.
thanks for everything to all my colleagues.
you made a difference in my life with your attitude.
I like your passion and dedication, this has made me a better employee.
thanks for all the teachings.
it is hard to explain in words how much I appreciate your efforts.
it is wonderful to work with someone like you.
I just wanted to write to say thanks a bunch for the gift!
thank you for the beautiful blouse, I can't wait to wear it this weekend.
thank you for coming to my birthday party, it was more special getting to celebrate with you.
the new picture frame will look perfect in my college dorm room, thank you!
this is exactly what I've been wanting, thank you so much for getting it for me.
thank you for the gift card, it will help me get everything I need for my upcoming move.
the coffee mug you sent is some.
thank you for making my mornings brighter.
I'm so grateful for the housewarming gift you sent, our place is one step closer to feeling like home because of it.
I know you spent a lot of time picking out the perfect gift for me and I feel blessed to have such a thoughtful friend in my life.
I can't even begin to explain how much your help meant to me.
thank you for always stepping in to help when I need you most.
thank you for taking the time to help me, it really meant a lot.
thank you for sharing your home with me, I had such a great time catching up.
my stomach and I want to thank you for that delicious meal.
you made me feel so at home that I forgot I wasn't!
thank you for having me.
thank you for putting a roof over my head this weekend, it was so kind to invite me into your home.
thank you for hosting my event, my day just wouldn't have been the same without you!
thank you for the raving letter of recommendation, I can't wait to start my new job.
have a drink on me.
you're a peach!
thanks for your help.
where would I be without a friend like you?
what you did for me was kind of a big deal.
how did you become so wise?
thanks again for all of your advice.
you are my angel, thank you for your kindness and compassion.
you know all my secrets and weird quirks, yet you're still my bestie.
I don't say it enough, but I just wanted to say thank you for always having my back.
do you have to train to be so amazing?
because you are definitely the best friend anyone could ask for!
you're my partner in crime, thanks for always supporting my crazy ideas!
you are a ray of sunshine to me and everyone else around.
thank you for brightening my day!
words can't even express my thanks, but I hope this gift will help show you how grateful I am for a friend like you.
thank you for helping me through that difficult time.
if you ever need a shoulder to cry on, I have two for you.
I'd be lost without you.
you make my heart smile.
thank you for being my superhero!
how can I make your day amazing?
how did I get so lucky?
I'm so grateful you choose to be with me.
I have a big bear hug waiting for you the next time I see you!
you're the sweetest!
thank you for everything you do!
i already made dinner tonight, thank you for being so wonderful.
when I think about things i'm grateful for, you are always on the list.
it's a rare thing to find someone as generous and kind as you.
thank you for supporting my dreams, no matter what.
I couldn't ask for a better partner.
just when i thought i couldn't love you more, you did that.
thank you for being so amazing!
thank you for helping me with this project.
thanks again for meeting with me today.
thank you for taking the time to explain this.
thank you for leading by example.
thank you for being such a great leader.
the other team members and i are really inspired by your actions.
I truly enjoy being a part of your team.
thank you for being such an inspiration to me and others around you.
thank you for entrusting me with this project.
I appreciate your dedication.
thank you for sharing your honest feedback about the project.
we are grateful for your dedication to the team and company.
thank you for making this such an awesome place to work every day!
thank you for having confidence in my abilities.
I really appreciate your flexibility and willingness to work with me on this.
thank you for the opportunity to work here.
I will do my very best to exceed your expectations of my abilities.
thank you for your email, it was really appreciated.
thanks for your attention to the matter.
I want to express my gratitude for everything that you've helped me achieve here.
I appreciate you considering me for this position.
I look forward to hearing from you.
thank you for sharing your opinion.
I value your honesty and will respond as quickly as possible.
thank you for always going above and beyond to ensure the success of a project.
I appreciate your hard work and want you to know it doesn't go unnoticed.
thank you so much for all of the hard work you did on our recent project.
you really carried the team with your hard work, great ideas, and great execution.
if it wasn't for you, we would have been in big trouble, so thank you!
thanks again for setting up that fundraiser last month.
it is the hard work from people like you that keep this company running.
I'm sure that all of the planning must have been time-consuming and tiring, but you took it all upon yourself without a complaint.
colleague, I just wanted to take a minute to write you a quick note to let you know how much I appreciate your help over the last month.
things have been crazy around here, and I don't know how I could have done it without you.
I really appreciate it.
I don't know if I ever told you, but I really appreciate the time that you took to show me the ropes of this company.
when I first got here, I felt lost and overwhelmed, but you really helped me fit in here.
thank you for your kindness.
thank you for all of your hard work for our company.
there are so many people today who try to get by with just the bare minimum.
it is refreshing to meet someone who is so passionate and who is naturally so hardworking.
thanks for being you!
I just want to take a minute to say thanks for being such a great colleague throughout the years.
I've worked with plenty of people who were not very enjoyable to work with, but working with you has always been a pleasure.
it's been great getting to know you.
thank you so much for taking the lead on that last project.
I haven't been able to give my full attention to work lately because of personal matters, and it is great to know that I have such a great colleague that I can depend on in a rough spot.
thanks for all of the hard work you did to make the holiday party so fun.
we all look forward to the party every year, and we were all very sad to think that we were going to have to miss out on it this year.
thanks for saving the day.
it means more than you know!
colleague, I know that this company isn't the best at giving us recognition, and I just wanted to make sure you got a little of the recognition you deserve.
while I cannot give you a raise, I can and will say: "great job!
we appreciate you!"
I hope that counts for something!
thanks so much for bringing in breakfast for all of us last week, colleague.
Monday mornings can be really rough around the office, and walking into donuts and coffee was a great way to begin the day.
you are such a sweet person, and I really appreciate all you do to make this a great place to work.
thanks for being such a great colleague.
you are a joy to work with, and you make coming in to work much more bearable.
there are plenty of people who I would never want to work with, and you definitely aren't one of them!
thanks for all of your hard work lately.
I know that you were struggling a while back, and you have really changed things around.
it won't be long until you are outperforming the rest of us.
keep up the great work, and thank you!
thanks for your help with cleaning up around the office.
I know that you didn't do it for the recognition, but selfless acts like that do deserve a little recognition.
thanks for helping improve our work environment.
your good deeds did not go unnoticed.
thanks for making our office such a fun place to work.
between your cheerful smiles and funny jokes, I almost look forward to coming into work every day!
you'll never know how much your great attitude impacts those around you.
thus, we would like to say you a big "thank you" for everything you have done so far for us.
having you on this team makes a huge difference.
the work you did to improve our customer ratings was fantastic!
it's inspiring to see how you always help new employees get up to speed.
the way you handled last week's crisis with your calm demeanor was a game-changer.
it's so refreshing getting to work with you.
I am continually impressed by your results!
I absolutely love how you handled that customer!
what you have brought to this department the past three months has been invaluable.
know that your role is important to our success.
we can't improve further without you.
thank you for always speaking up in team meetings when no one else does.
I'm grateful for your taking on the extra work when no one else stepped up.
you've really made a tremendous difference here, and I'm thankful you joined the team.
you've gone above and beyond this week.
please take the rest of the day off.
I couldn't have done it without you.
you were instrumental in saving the company from losing one of its best clients.
just when I thought your work couldn't get any better, you pull that off!
don't worry.
I trust your judgment on this decision.
I love your great attitude even during this tough phase.
I know how hard this project is, but I just can't imagine working without you.
what can i do to help?
is there anything any of us can do to help?
I believe in you.
even with your loss, I was blown away by your work ethic this week.
know that we're here for you.
just ask us anything.
I just want to let you know how much you mean to the team.
I welcome that exciting prospect and feel to say to the Lord, humbly, ‘give me this mountain' give me these challenges.
if it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
thanks for backing up the credentials in your resume with hard work, perseverance, and loyalty to the company.
I see how hard you worked on this recent task.
your hard work and dedication show in the quality of your output.
I appreciate that.
you are not only my workmate; you are my best friend and my mentor.
my heart just keeps thanking you for everything that I have learned from you.
your hard work and dedication have helped us out during a difficult time in our company.
I cannot express how blessed I am to have you as my colleagues at the workplace.
thank you for your thoughtfulness!
to have someone like you.
with your hard work, you have taken us to the top.
it is a pleasure to work with you.
we are proud to have you like our team leader.
that's what you do.
but it's not just me, it's everyone in our team.
it's you who make the team better.
you are the best team leader in the world.
you are one of the most valuable employees we have.
you are the best employee for us.
we are proud to have you as a colleague.
I'm thrilled to have you with the team.
you are likely going to be invaluable friends in your work life.
we appreciate your friendship and support.
we look forward to working with you in the future.
it's a pleasure working with you.
with the right attitude, with the right team, you can achieve more.
you are going to be an amazing partner.
you are going to be a great colleague.
you won't let me down — but we can't let you down.
you have proved me wrong.
you've shown me my worth as a leader.
you've shown us that we can accomplish amazing things without giving up on achievements.
your dedication and hard work have made you the best coworker in the world.
your hard work has made you the best employee.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud to have a coworker with your amazing attitude.
it's great to have a coworker like you.
I'm proud to have someone like you with me.
I'd like to thank you for being so supportive and kind.
it's great to have friends like you.
you've done an amazing job.
I'm so proud to have you.
you've taken the team with you.
you've worked so hard to be successful.
you've shown me what hinders me when it comes to success.
I'm so excited to work with you.
it's never been a good feeling to work with someone as nice as you.
it's amazing working with someone like you.
I'm so happy to work with you.
I'm so proud of the team.
you've set an example for the rest of the team.
it's a pleasure to work with you.
we love working with you.
you've been a real help.
it's amazing to have you with us.
it's great to have someone like you to help us.
you've helped us get where we are today.
I'm so proud to have you as my colleague.
we really appreciate your support.
I was so surprised to learn you were my colleague.
thanks for being my colleague.
it's a pleasure working with a colleague like you.
you've taught me to be a better worker.
I'm so proud to have a colleague like you.
you've helped me get where I'm at now.
I'm so proud to have someone like you.
it's fun working with colleagues like you.
your commitment, hard work and mentoring have made you one of the most productive employees in our business.
I am so proud to work with my colleague.
it's great to have a colleague like you.
I'm so proud to get more out of you than anyone else.
I'm so proud to work with someone who deserves your loyalty and respect.
I'm so happy to work with someone like you.
your work ethic and hard work make you the most productive.
I'm so thrilled to have a coworker like you.
your team is amazing.
I'm so proud to have you with us.
to you and to all of the team.
I'm so proud to work with you.
you've been such a great colleague.
I am so proud to work with you.
I'm so proud to be a part of the team.
please don't let the negativity of business stop you from working hard.
it's so easy to be scared of a boss.
I'm so proud to be a part of your team.
your hard work is the only way to make your team fun and positive.
you're a great asset to this organization.
thank you for being my friend.
I'm so proud to work for you.
you're an inspiration.
you're a great help.
I know it's only a matter of time until you find a colleague who can take you to the next level.
you're a star.
thank you for your support and advice.
I know it's just a matter of time until you find a coworker who can take you to the next level.
you're a lifesaver.
you really know how to take care of your boss.
I'm so grateful to have you on my team.
you're so dedicated to your job.
you make my coworkers feel good about themselves.
thank you for putting in the work!
it's been so long since I've known you.
you're a great leader and a good listener.
I'm so thankful that you know exactly what I need.
you're a fantastic listener.
I couldn't ask for a better boss.
you're a wonderful listener.
I couldn't ask for a better employee.
you've always been kind to new people and you've always been kind to new customers.
I'm so happy you're the boss.
you're a great listener and you're always really helpful.
it's been so hard to hear the phone call.
you're the best!
you're always there for me when I need help.
you're always up for compliments.
you're a great listener.
I can't believe how much your help has motivated me.
I'm so grateful for every little thing you've done for me so far this year.
it's been so hard working with you.
thank you for taking the initiative to ask for my help!
I know you have a wonderful team spirit.
thank you for being a part of it all.
you're always really helpful.
it's been so busy lately.
I'm so grateful for everything you've done for me so far this year.
I won't lie.
the last thing I wanted was for you to have to say, "thanks so much!"
you've been such a great listener.
I can hear you feel the emotions of gratitude.
I have such a sweetheart for you, so much!
and I couldn't ask for a better boss!
you're amazing!
I hope you feel really blessed to have a boss like you.
if you ever have to ask for help, you're going to be very grateful.
it's been so long since I've met you.
I don't know how you got here, but I can see how you did it.
it's been so long since we've met.
it's been so long since we've had a text message.
you know, we're usually together in the morning, but lately, you've had a hard time getting in touch.
it's been so long since we've known each other.
it's been so long since we've had any business.
it's been so long since we've had a meeting.
you know, I'm so lucky to work with you.
I'm so lucky to have a job with you.
it's been so long since we've been together.
it's been so hard working with you since the last meeting.
I can't believe it's been so long since we've had an event together.
it's been so nice to have someone with your vision.
I can't believe it's been so nice to have someone who cares about you.
it's been so nice being with you.
I was really excited to try something new with your gift.
I don't know if I ever expected this much joy in trying something new, or if this was just a way to show my appreciation.
I don't know if this is really something special, or if it is merely a way to express my appreciation.
I don't know if this is really a gift for a friend or a treat for a colleague.
I don't know if this is really a new experience for you to try, or if it is merely a reminder that you are welcome in our team.
I don't know if this is just a nice surprise for a great colleague, or if it is a great surprise for us all to try out the new phone.
I don't know if this is just a great surprise, or if it is just a great surprise.
I'm really excited to try out new things.
I don't know if this is just another great surprise for a great colleague or a treat for a colleague.
thanks for your inspiration.
I'm really happy to hear your inspiration.
thank you for being an inspiration for me.
thanks for helping me out.
I'm really grateful for your help.
I'm really grateful to have you on my team.
I'm really grateful.
thanks for being a really nice guy.
thanks for being really nice to me.
thanks for being really nice to your team.
thanks for being really nice guys.
thanks for always being nice guys.
thanks for being awesome guys.
thanks for all of the awesome teams.
thanks for all the awesome people.
thanks for all the awesome things.
thanks for all the awesome work.
thanks for all the awesome ideas.
thanks for all the awesome stuff.
you are an amazing person and I really appreciate all the awesome things you do.
I really appreciate all the awesome things you do.
you are one of the most efficient people at work.
it's a pleasure to manage this team.
we feel lucky to have you on our team.
your passion for developing our business makes this a great place to work.
we look forward to hearing from you.
thank you so much for all your help!
we couldn't imagine our workplace without you.
thank you so much for all your help with all the prep and formatting.
thank you so much for all the help during the project presentation.
thank you so much for all the help with the gift of scrolls.
you are a great employee and a listener.
we appreciate your hard work and energy.
we can't believe how much you mean to the team.
we just want you to know how much we mean it.
you made this team look so much better!
we're grateful for all of your help.
this project has never been this easy.
you've been fantastic!
you make this work so much easier.
we'll see all of you at the workplace.
you make this work so much more efficient.
we can't wait to start our own business.
you've made this department more productive.
we know our work is easier there.
we know our bosses appreciate you.
we know our success could not come to a very easy task.
we're grateful for your help and continued support.
this project wouldn't have been the same without your support.
thank you so much for your invaluable input and for sharing your knowledge with us.
we couldn't have achieved all the goals without your input and your expertise.
thank you for your hard work and energy.
thank you so much for your dedication and talent for this department.
this project would have been impossible without your dedication and talent.
thank you so much for your efforts and talent.
thanks for all of the hard work and fast results!
this project would have been impossible without your support!
thanks for all the hard work and fast results!
we don't know yet what you will be doing after this but expect to start seeing some great results from us.
you are an example of how to make an organization more productive and stay productive.
the way you handled last week's crisis with your calm attitude was a game-changer.
we are glad to have you with the team.
your commitment to your role has made you one of a kind.
we appreciate your hard work and dedication to the team.
you are best friends were all.
thank you for being your best selves and working together to make the company succeed.
you are one of the most loyal employees I have ever had.
you are a leader among friends at work and I get along great.
you are an awesome coworker!
working under your supervision meant coming to terms with your responsibilities.
you are a terrific employee who makes everyone around feel better about themselves.
your team deserves a great leader like you.
thank you for making our workplace a great place!
you are a wonderful coworker who makes the work feel so much.
thank you for making our office such a fun place to work.
thank you for everything I have ever learned from you, including your personal brand of leadership.
you are an amazing coworker who really cares about your well being.
I had the pleasure of working with you at work.
your team is strong because of you.
thank you for your effort and hard work.
you are a realist!
thank you for your long term planning.
we have been through thick and thin with your commitment to good work.
thank you for your commitment to excellence and your commitment to taking care of the company's employees.
your contributions to my success at work are endless.
thank you for always being your advocate and guide.
you are a lifesaver.
thank you for always being there for me whenever needed.
your effort and hard work will bring you a lot of gains.
thank you for always being on my side.
thank you for being an asset to your organization.
thank you for your hard work and dedication to your work.
I am sure, your organization feels proud of you and would like to thank you.
thank you for all your hard work and dedication so far.
it is hard to imagine our team without you.
thank you for all your hard work and dedication.
thank you for your contribution to our organization.
we would like to thank you for your hard work and valuable contributions at work.
thank you for all your long term commitment to our side project.
we would like you to know that your dedication is greatly appreciated and greatly appreciated.
thank you for all your hard work and valuable contributions.
thank you for your dedication and loyal service.
we would like you to know that our organization is grateful for your valuable and exemplary work.
thank you for your dedicated efforts and long term service.
we would like you to know that your hard work and effort have paid off.
thank you for your valuable contributions.
we would like you to know that your effort and effort have proved our sincerity at all times.
thank you for your efforts and long term commitment to our vision.
we would like you to know that you are greatly appreciated and supported in this work.
thank you for your contribution to our work.
you are a great asset to our organization and we would like you to know that you continue to be of immense value to us.
thank you for all your hard work and long term commitment.
we would like you to know that you have been a pillar in our work and have continued to inspire us with your excellence.
thank you for all your long term efforts.
we would like you to know that you continue to inspire us and keep pushing us to new heights with every bit of your efforts.
thank you for setting yourself as a good example to others who hope to become an asset to the company.
you have shown us how to finish a tough task well and are doing just perfect on the other side where your skills and expertise are appreciated.
thank you for all your hard work and long term commitment to our work.
you and your work are highly appreciated in this regard.
you and your work are often compared to achieving parity in a business, where each customer has one step closer to success.
